format: snippet


%ni%not, has been the expression, direct or through an agent male, of  
womanhid offended, (ah! ah!), has not levy of black mail from  
the times the fairies were in it, and fain for wilde erthe blothoms  
followed an impressive private reputation for whispered sins?

Now by memory inspired, turn wheel again to the whole of  
the wall. Where Gyant Blyant fronts Peannlueamoore There was  
once upon a wall and a hooghoog wall a was and such a wall-  
hole did exist. Ere ore or ire in Aaarlund. Or you Dair’s Hair or  
you Diggin Mosses or your horde of orts and oriorts to garble  
a garthen of Odin and the lost paladays when all the eddams ended  
with aves. Armen? The doun is theirs and still to see for menags  
if he strikes a lousaforitch and we’ll come to those baregazed  
shoeshines if you just shoodov a second. And let oggs be good  
old gaggles and Isther Estarr play Yesther Asterr. In the drema  
of Sorestost Areas, Diseased. A stonehinged gate then was for  
another thing while the suroptimist had bought and enlarged  
that shack under fair rental of one yearlyng sheep, (prime) value  
of sixpence, and one small yearlyng goat (cadet) value of eight-  
pence, to grow old and happy (hogg it and kidd him) for the re-  
minants of his years; and when everything was got up for the  
purpose he put an applegate on the place by no means as some  
pretext a bedstead in loo thereof to keep out donkeys (the pig-  
dirt hanging from the jags to this hour makes that clear) and just  
thenabouts the iron gape, by old custom left open to prevent  
the cats from getting at the gout, was triplepatlockt on him on  
purpose by his faithful poorters to keep him inside probably and  
possibly enaunter he felt like sticking out his chest too far and  
tempting gracious providence by a stroll on the peoplade’s egg-  
day, unused as he was yet to being freely clodded.

O, by the by, lets wee brag of praties, it ought to be always  
remembered in connection with what has gone before that there  
was a northroomer, Herr Betreffender, out for his zimmer hole-  
digs, digging in number 32 at the Rum and Puncheon (Branch of  
Dirty Dick’s free house) in Laxlip (where the Sockeye Sammons  
were stopping at the time orange fasting) prior to that, a Kom-  
merzial (Gorbotipacco, he was wreaking like Zentral Oylrubber)

