format: snippet


%ni%ing jackass. Harik! Harik! Harik! The rose is white in the darik!  
And Sunfella’s nose has got rhinoceritis from haunting the roes  
in the parik! So all rogues lean to rhyme. And contradrinking  
themselves about Lillytrilly law pon hilly and Mrs Niall of the  
Nine Corsages and the old markiss their besterfar, and, arrah,  
sure there was never a marcus at all at all among the manlies and  
dear Sir Armoury, queer Sir Rumoury, and the old house by the  
churpelizod, and all the goings on so very wrong long before  
when they were going on retreat, in the old gammeldags, the  
four of them, in Milton’s Park under lovely Father Whisperer  
and making her love with his stuffstuff in the languish of flowers  
and feeling to find was she mushymushy, and wasn’t that vely  
both of them, the saucicissters, *a drahereen o machree!*, and (peep!)  
meeting waters most improper (peepette!) ballround the garden,  
trickle trickle trickle triss, please, miman, may I go flirting?  
farmers gone with a groom and how they used her, mused her,  
licksed her and cuddled. I differ with ye! Are you sure of your-  
self now? You’re a liar, excuse me! I will not and you’re an-  
other! And Lully holding their breach of the peace for them. Pool  
loll Lolly! To give and to take! And to forego the pasht! And  
all will be forgotten! Ah ho! It was too too bad to be falling  
out about her kindness pet and the shape of OOOOOOOO  
Ourang’s time. Well, all right, Lelly. And shakeahand. And  
schenkusmore. For Craig sake. Be it suck.

Well?

Well, even should not the framing up of such figments in the  
evidential order bring the true truth to light as fortuitously as  
a dim seer’s setting of a starchart might (heaven helping it!) un-  
cover the nakedness of an unknown body in the fields of blue  
or as forehearingly as the sibspeeches of all mankind have foli-  
ated (earth seizing them!) from the root of some funner’s stotter  
all the soundest sense to be found immense our special mentalists  
now holds (*securus iudicat orbis terrarum*) that by such playing  
possum our hagious curious encestor bestly saved his brush with  
his posterity, you, charming coparcenors, us, heirs of his tailsie.  
Gundogs of all breeds were beagling with renounced urbiandor-%j%

