format: snippet


%ni%is me Belchum sneaking his phillippy out of his most Awful  
Grimmest Sunshat Cromwelly. Looted. This is the jinnies’ hast-  
ings dispatch for to irrigate the Willingdone. Dispatch in thin  
red lines cross the shortfront of me Belchum. Yaw, yaw, yaw!  
Leaper Orthor. Fear siecken! Fieldgaze thy tiny frow. Hugact-  
ing. Nap. That was the tictacs of the jinnies for to fontannoy the  
Willingdone. Shee, shee, shee! The jinnies is jillous agincourting  
all the lipoleums. And the lipoleums is gonn boycottoncrezy onto  
the one Willingdone. And the Willingdone git the band up. This  
is bode Belchum, bonnet to busby, breaking his secred word with a  
ball up his ear to the Willingdone. This is the Willingdone’s hur-  
old dispitchback. Dispitch desployed on the regions rare of me  
Belchum. Salamangra! Ayi, ayi, ayi! Cherry jinnies. Figtreeyou!  
Damn fairy ann, Voutre. Willingdone. That was the first joke of  
Willingdone, tic for tac. Hee, hee, hee! This is me Belchum in  
his twelvemile cowchooks, weet, tweet and stampforth foremost,  
footing the camp for the jinnies. Drink a sip, drankasup, for he’s  
as sooner buy a guinness than he’d stale store stout. This is Roo-  
shious balls. This is a ttrinch. This is mistletropes. This is Canon  
Futter with the popynose. After his hundred days’ indulgence.  
This is the blessed. Tarra’s widdars! This is jinnies in the bonny  
bawn blooches. This is lipoleums in the rowdy howses. This is the  
Willingdone, by the splinters of Cork, order fire. Tonnerre!  
(Bullsear! Play!) This is camelry, this is floodens, this is the  
solphereens in action, this is their mobbily, this is panickburns.  
Almeidagad! Arthiz too loose! This is Willingdone cry. Brum!  
Brum! Cumbrum! This is jinnies cry. Underwetter! Goat  
strip Finnlambs! This is jinnies rinning away to their ouster-  
lists dowan a bunkersheels. With a nip nippy nip and a trip trip-  
py trip so airy. For their heart’s right there. Tip. This is me Bel-  
chum’s tinkyou tankyou silvoor plate for citchin the crapes in  
the cool of his canister. Poor the pay! This is the bissmark of the  
marathon merry of the jinnies they left behind them. This is the  
Willingdone branlish his same marmorial tallowscoop Sophy-  
Key-Po for his royal divorsion on the rinnaway jinnies. Gam-  
bariste della porca! Dalaveras fimmieras! This is the pettiest%j%

