format: snippet


%ni%of the lipoleums, Toffeethief, that spy on the Willingdone from  
his big white harse, the Capeinhope. Stonewall Willingdone  
is an old maxy montrumeny. Lipoleums is nice hung bushel-  
lors. This is hiena hinnessy laughing alout at the Willing-  
done. This is lipsyg dooley krieging the funk from the hinnessy.  
This is the hinndoo Shimar Shin between the dooley boy and the  
hinnessy. Tip. This is the wixy old Willingdone picket up the  
half of the threefoiled hat of lipoleums fromoud of the bluddle  
filth. This is the hinndoo waxing ranjymad for a bombshoob.  
This is the Willingdone hanking the half of the hat of lipoleums  
up the tail on the buckside of his big white harse. Tip. That was  
the last joke of Willingdone. Hit, hit, hit! This is the same white  
harse of the Willingdone, Culpenhelp, waggling his tailoscrupp  
with the half of a hat of lipoleums to insoult on the hinndoo see-  
boy. Hney, hney, hney! (Bullsrag! Foul!) This is the seeboy,  
madrashattaras, upjump and pumpim, cry to the Willingdone:  
Ap Pukkaru! Pukka Yurap! This is the Willingdone, bornstable  
ghentleman, tinders his maxbotch to the cursigan Shimar Shin.  
Basucker youstead! This is the dooforhim seeboy blow the whole  
of the half of the hat of lipoleums off of the top of the tail on the  
back of his big wide harse. Tip (Bullseye! Game!) How Copen-  
hagen ended. This way the museyroom. Mind your boots goan  
out.

Phew!

What a warm time we were in there but how keling is here the  
airabouts! We nowhere she lives but you mussna tell annaone for  
the lamp of Jig-a-Lanthern! It’s a candlelittle houthse of a month  
and one windies. Downadown, High Downadown. And num-  
mered quaintlymine. And such reasonable weather too! The wa-  
grant wind’s awalt’zaround the piltdowns and on every blasted  
knollyrock (if you can spot fifty I spy four more) there’s that  
gnarlybird ygathering, a runalittle, doalittle, preealittle, pouralittle,  
wipealittle, kicksalittle, severalittle, eatalittle, whinealittle, kenalittle,  
helfalittle, pelfalittle gnarlybird. A verytableland of bleakbardfields!  
Under his seven wrothschields lies one, Lumproar. His glav toside  
him. Skud ontorsed. Our pigeons pair are flewn for northcliffs.%j%

