format: snippet


Yes, the viability of vicinals if invisible is invincible. And we  
are not trespassing on his corns either. Look at all the plotsch!  
Fluminian! If this was Hannibal’s walk it was Hercules’ work.  
And a hungried thousand of the unemancipated slaved the way.  
The mausoleum lies behind us (O Adgigasta, *multipopulipater!*)  
and there are milestones in their cheadmilias faultering along  
the tramestrack by Brahm and Anton Hermes! Per omnibus  
secular seekalarum. Amain. But the past has made us this present  
of a rhedarhoad. So more boher O’Connell! Though rainy-  
hidden, you’re rhinohide. And if he’s not a Romeo you may  
scallop your hat. Wereupunder in the fane of Saint Fiacre! Halte!

It was hard by the howe’s there, plainly on this disoluded and a  
buchan cold spot, rupestric then, resurfaced that now is, that  
Luttrell sold if Lautrill bought, in the saddle of the Brennan’s  
(now Malpasplace?) pass, versts and versts from true civilisation,  
not where his dreams top their traums halt (Beneathere! Bena-  
there!) but where livland yontide meared with the wilde, saltlea  
with flood, that the attackler, a cropatkin, though under medium  
and between colours with truly native pluck, engaged the Adver-  
sary who had more in his eye than was less to his leg but whom for  
plunder sake, he mistook in the heavy rain to be Oglethorpe or  
some other ginkus, Parr aparrently, to whom the headandheel-  
less chickenestegg bore some Michelangiolesque resemblance,  
making use of sacrilegious languages to the defect that he would  
challenge their hemosphores to exterminate them but he would  
cannonise the b%—%y b%—%r’s life out of him and lay him out  
contritely as smart as the b%—%r had his b%—%y nightprayers  
said, three patrecknocksters and a couplet of hellmuirries (*tout  
est sacré pour un sacreur, femme à barbe ou homme-nourrice*) at the  
same time, so as to plugg well let the blubbywail ghoats out of  
him, catching holst of an oblong bar he had and with which he  
usually broke furnitures he rose the stick at him. The boarder  
incident prerepeated itself. The pair (whethertheywere Nippo-  
luono engaging Wei-Ling-Taou or de Razzkias trying to recon-  
noistre the general Boukeleff, man may not say), struggled  
apairently for some considerable time, (the cradle rocking equally%j%

