format: snippet


%ni%broken exthro Castilian into which the whole audience perse-  
guired and pursuited him olla podrida) outbroke much yellach-  
ters from owners in the heall (Ha!) in which, under the mollifi-  
cation of methaglin, the testifighter reluctingly, but with ever so  
ladylike indecorum, joined. (Ha! Ha!)

The hilariohoot of Pegger’s Windup cumjustled as neatly  
with the tristitone of the Wet Pinter’s as were they isce et ille  
equals of opposites, evolved by a onesame power of nature or of  
spirit, iste, as the sole condition and means of its himundher  
manifestation and polarised for reunion by the symphysis of  
their antipathies. Distinctly different were their duasdestinies.  
Whereas the maidies of the bar, (a pairless trentene, a lunarised  
score) when the eranthus myrrmyrred: Show’m the Posed:  
fluttered and flattered around the willingly pressed, nominating  
him for the swiney prize, complimenting him, the captivating  
youth, on his having all his senses about him, stincking thyacinths  
through his curls (O feen! O deur!) and bringing busses to his  
cheeks, their masculine Oirisher Rose (his neece cleur!), and  
legando round his nice new neck for him and pizzicagnoling his  
woolywags, with their dindy dandy sugar de candy mechree me  
postheen flowns courier to belive them of all his untiring young  
dames and send treats in their times. Ymen. But it was not un-  
observed of those presents, their worships, how, of one among  
all, her deputised to defeme him by the Lunar Sisters’ Celibacy  
Club, a lovelooking leapgirl, all all alonely, Gentia Gemma of the  
Makegiddyculling Reeks, he, wan and pale in his unmixed admir-  
ation, seemed blindly, mutely, tastelessly, tactlessly, innamorate  
with heruponhim in shining aminglement, the shaym of his hisu  
shifting into the shimmering of her hers, (youthsy, beautsy, hee’s  
her chap and shey’ll tell memmas when she gays whom) till the  
wild wishwish of her sheeshea melted most musically mid Ihe  
dark deepdeep of his shayshaun.

And whereas distracted (for was not just this in effect which  
had just caused that the effect of that which it had caused to oc-  
cur?) the four justicers laid their wigs together, Untius, Mun-  
cius, Punchus and Pylax but could do no worse than promulgate%j%

