format: snippet


%ni%hadde a wickered Kish for to hale dead tunes from the bog look-  
it under the blay of her Kish as she ran for to sothisfeige her cow-  
rieosity and be me sawl but she found hersell sackvulle of swart  
goody quickenshoon ant small illigant brogues, so rich in sweat.  
Blurry works at Hurdlesford.

(Silent.)

566 A.D. At this time it fell out that a brazenlockt damsel grieved  
(*sobralasolas!*) because that Puppette her minion was ravisht-of her  
by the ogre Puropeus Pious. Bloody wars in Ballyaughacleeagh-  
bally.

1132 A.D. Two sons at an hour were born until a goodman  
and his hag. These sons called themselves Caddy and Primas.  
Primas was a santryman and drilled all decent people. Caddy  
went to Winehouse and wrote o peace a farce. Blotty words for  
Dublin.

Somewhere, parently, in the ginnandgo gap between antedilu-  
vious and annadominant the copyist must have fled with his  
scroll. The billy flood rose or an elk charged him or the sultrup  
worldwright from the excelsissimost empyrean (bolt, in sum)  
earthspake or the Dannamen gallous banged pan the bliddy du-  
ran. A scribicide then and there is led off under old’s code with  
some fine covered by six marks or ninepins in metalmen for the  
sake of his labour’s dross while it will be only now and again in  
our rear of o’er era, as an upshoot of military and civil engage-  
ments, that a gynecure was let on to the scuffold for taking that  
same fine sum covertly by meddlement with the drawers of his  
neighbour’s safe.

Now after all that farfatch’d and peragrine or dingnant or clere  
lift we our ears, eyes of the darkness, from the tome of *Liber Li-  
vidus* and, (toh!), how paisibly eirenical, all dimmering dunes  
and gloamering glades, selfstretches afore us our fredeland’s plain!  
Lean neath stone pine the pastor lies with his crook; young pric-  
ket by pricket’s sister nibbleth on returned viridities; amaid her  
rocking grasses the herb trinity shams lowliness; skyup is of ever-  
grey. Thus, too, for donkey’s years. Since the bouts of Hebear  
and Hairyman the cornflowers have been staying at Ballymun,%j%

