format: snippet


%ni%sound of Irish sense. Really? Here English might be seen.  
Royally? One sovereign punned to petery pence. Regally? The  
silence speaks the scene. Fake!

So This Is Dyoublong?

Hush! Caution! Echoland!

How charmingly exquisite! It reminds you of the outwashed  
engravure that we used to be blurring on the blotchwall of his  
innkempt house. Used they? (I am sure that tiring chabelshovel-  
ler with the mujikal chocolat box, Miry Mitchel, is listening) I  
say, the remains of the outworn gravemure where used to be  
blurried the Ptollmens of the Incabus. Used we? (He is only pre-  
tendant to be stugging at the jubalee harp from a second existed  
lishener, Fiery Farrelly.) It is well known. Lokk for himself and  
see the old butte new. Dbln. W. K. O. O. Hear? By the mauso-  
lime wall. Fimfim fimfim. With a grand funferall. Fumfum fum-  
fum. ’Tis optophone which ontophanes. List! Wheatstone’s  
magic lyer. They will be tuggling foriver. They will be lichening  
for allof. They will be pretumbling forover. The harpsdischord  
shall be theirs for ollaves.

Four things therefore, saith our herodotary Mammon Lujius  
in his grand old historiorum, wrote near Boriorum, bluest book  
in baile’s annals, f.t. in Dyffinarsky ne’er sall fail til heathersmoke  
and cloudweed Eire’s ile sall pall. And here now they are, the fear  
of um. T. Totities! *Unum.* (Adar.) A bulbenboss surmounted up-  
on an alderman. Ay, ay! *Duum.* (Nizam.) A shoe on a puir old  
wobban. Ah, ho! *Triom.* (Tamuz.) An auburn mayde, o’brine  
a’bride, to be desarted. Adear, adear! *Quodlibus.* (Marchessvan.) A  
penn no weightier nor a polepost. And so. And all. (Succoth.)

So, how idlers’ wind turning pages on pages, as innocens with  
anaclete play popeye antipop, the leaves of the living in the boke  
of the deeds, annals of themselves timing the cycles of events  
grand and national, bring fassilwise to pass how.

1132 A.D. Men like to ants or emmets wondern upon a groot  
hwide Whallfisk which lay in a Runnel. Blubby wares upat Ub-  
lanium.

566 A.D. On Baalfire’s night of this year after deluge a crone that%j%

