format: snippet


%ni%Downaboo! Hup, boys, and hat him! See! Oilbeam they’re lost  
we’ve fount rerembrandtsers, their hours to date link these heirs  
to here but wowhere are those yours of Yestersdays? Farseeinge-  
therich and Poolaulwoman Charachthercuss and his Ann van  
Vogt. D.e.e.d! Edned, ended or sleeping soundlessly? Favour  
with your tongues! *Intendite!*

Any dog’s life you list you may still hear them at it, like sixes  
and seventies as eversure as Halley’s comet, ulemamen, sobran-  
jewomen, storthingboys and dumagirls, as they pass its bleak and  
bronze portal of your Casaconcordia: Huru more Nee, minny  
frickans? Hwoorledes har Dee det? Losdoor onleft mladies, cue.  
Millecientotrigintadue scudi. Tippoty, kyrie, tippoty. Cha kai  
rotty kai makkar, sahib? Despenseme Usted, senhor, en son suc-  
co, sabez. O thaw bron orm, A’Cothraige, thinkinthou gaily?  
Lick-Pa-flai-hai-pa-Pa-li-si-lang-lang. Epi alo, ecou, Batiste, tu-  
vavnr dans Lptit boing going. Ismeme de bumbac e meias de por-  
tocallie. O.O. Os pipos mios es demasiada gruarso por O pic-  
colo pocchino. Wee fee? Ung duro. Kocshis, szabad? Mercy, and  
you? Gomagh, thak.

And, Cod, says he with mugger’s tears: Would you care to  
know the prise of a liard? Maggis, nick your nightynovel! Mass  
Travener’s at the mike again! And that bag belly is the buck  
to goat it! Meggeg, m’gay chapjappy fellow, I call our univalse  
to witness, as sicker as moyliffey eggs is known by our good  
househalters from yorehunderts of mamooth to be which they  
commercially are in ahoy high British quarters (conventional!)  
my guesthouse and cowhaendel credits will immediately stand  
ohoh open as straight as that neighbouring monument’s fabrica-  
tion before the hygienic gllll (this was where the reverent sab-  
both and bottlebreaker with firbalk forthstretched touched upon  
his tricoloured boater, which he uplifted by its pickledhoopy (he  
gave Stetson one and a penny for it) whileas oleaginosity of an-  
cestralolosis sgocciolated down the both pendencies of his mut-  
sohito liptails (Sencapetulo, a more modestuous conciliabulite  
never curled a tom pocketmouth), cordially inwiting the adul-  
lescence who he was wising up to do in like manner what all did%j%

