format: snippet


%ni%enjoyable of our mounding’s mass, now Wallinstone national  
museum, with, in some greenish distance, the charmful water-  
loose country and the two quitewhite villagettes who hear show  
of themselves so gigglesomes minxt the follyages, the prettilees!  
Penetrators are permitted into the museomound free. Welsh and  
the Paddy Patkinses, one shelenk! Redismembers invalids of old  
guard find poussepousse pousseypram to sate the sort of their butt.  
For her passkey supply to the janitrix, the mistress Kathe. Tip.

This the way to the museyroom. Mind your hats goan in!  
Now yiz are in the Willingdone Museyroom. This is a Prooshi-  
ous gunn. This is a ffrinch. Tip. This is the flag of the Prooshi-  
ous, the Cap and Soracer. This is the bullet that byng the flag of  
the Prooshious. This is the ffrinch that fire on the Bull that bang  
the flag of the Prooshious. Saloos the Crossgunn! Up with your  
pike and fork! Tip. (Bullsfoot! Fine!) This is the triplewon hat of  
Lipoleum. Tip. Lipoleumhat. This is the Willingdone on his  
same white harse, the Cokenhape. This is the big Sraughter Wil-  
lingdone, grand and magentic in his goldtin spurs and his ironed  
dux and his quarterbrass woodyshoes and his magnate’s gharters  
and his bangkok’s best and goliar’s goloshes and his pullupon-  
easyan wartrews. This is his big wide harse. Tip. This is the three  
lipoleum boyne grouching down in the living detch. This is an  
inimyskilling inglis, this is a scotcher grey, this is a davy, stoop-  
ing. This is the bog lipoleum mordering the lipoleum beg. A  
Gallawghurs argaumunt. This is the petty lipoleum boy that  
was nayther bag nor bug. Assaye, assaye! Touchole Fitz Tuo-  
mush. Dirty MacDyke. And Hairy O’Hurry. All of them  
arminus-varminus. This is Delian alps. This is Mont Tivel,  
this is Mont Tipsey, this is the Grand Mons Injun. This is the  
crimealine of the alps hooping to sheltershock the three lipoleums.  
This is the jinnies with their legahorns feinting to read in their  
handmade’s book of stralegy while making their war undisides  
the Willingdone. The jinnies is a cooin her hand and the jinnies is  
a ravin her hair and the Willingdone git the band up. This is big  
Willingdone mormorial tallowscoop Wounderworker obscides  
on the flanks of the jinnies. Sexcaliber hrosspower. Tip. This%j%

