format: snippet


%ni%boleros one games with at the Nivynubies’ finery ball  
and your upright grooms that always come right up with you  
(and by jingo when they do!) what else in this mortal world,  
now ours, when meet there night, mid their nackt, me there na-  
ket, made their nought the hour strikes, would bring them right-  
came back in the flesh, thumbs down, to their orses and their hashes.

To proceed. We might leave that nitrience of oxagiants to take  
its free of the air and just analectralyse that very chymerical com-  
bination, the gasbag where the warderworks. And try to pour  
somour heiterscene up thealmostfere. In the bottled heliose case  
continuing, Long Lally Tobkids, the special, sporting a fine breast  
of medals, and a conscientious scripturereader to boot in the brick  
and tin choorch round the coroner, swore like a Norewheezian  
tailliur on the stand before the proper functionary that he was up  
against a right querrshnorrt of a mand in the butcher of the blues  
who, he guntinued, on last epening after delivering some car-  
casses mattonchepps and meatjutes on behalf of Messrs Otto  
Sands and Eastman, Limericked, Victuallers, went and, with his  
unmitigated astonissment, hickicked at the dun and dorass against  
all the runes and, when challenged about the pretended hick (it  
was kickup and down with him) on his solemn by the imputant  
imputed, said simply: I appop pie oath, Phillyps Captain. You  
did, as I sostressed before. You are deepknee in error, sir, Madam  
Tomkins, let me then tell you, replied with a gentlewomanly  
salaam MackPartland, (the meatman’s family, and the oldest in  
the world except nick, name.) And Phelps was flayful with his  
peeler. But his phizz fell.

Now to the obverse. From velveteens to dimities is barely a  
fivefinger span and hence these camelback excesses are thought  
to have been instigated by one or either of the causing causes of  
all, those rushy hollow heroines in their skirtsleeves, be she ma-  
gretta be she the posque. Oh! Oh! Because it is a horrible thing  
to have to say to say to day but one dilalah, Lupita Lorette, short-  
ly after in a fit of the unexpectednesses drank carbolic with all  
her dear placid life before her and paled off while the other  
soiled dove that’s her sister-in-love, Luperca Latouche, finding%j%

