format: snippet


%ni%he caught his paper dispillsation from the poke, old Minace and  
Minster York? Do I mind? I mind the gush off the mon like Bal-  
lybock manure works on a tradewinds day. And the O’Moyly  
gracies and the O’Briny rossies chaffing him bluchface and play-  
ing him pranks. How do you do, todo, North Mister? Get into  
my way! Ah dearome forsailoshe! Gone over the bays! When  
ginabawdy meadabawdy! Yerra, why would he heed that old  
gasometer with his hooping coppin and his dyinboosycough and  
all the birds of the southside after her, Minxy Cunningham, their  
dear divorcee darling, jimmies and jonnies to be her jo? Hold  
hard. There’s three other corners to our isle’s cork float. Sure, ’tis  
well I can telesmell him H₂&nbsp;C&nbsp;E₃ that would take a township’s  
breath away! Gob and I nose him too well as I do meself, heav-  
ing up the Kay Wall by the 32 to 11 with his limelooking horse-  
bags full of sesameseed, the Whiteside Kaffir, and his sayman’s  
effluvium and his scentpainted voice, puffing out his thundering  
big brown cabbage! Pa! Thawt I’m glad a gull for his pawsdeen  
fiunn! Goborro, sez he, Lankyshied! Gobugga ye, sez I! O  
breezes! I sniffed that lad long before anyone. It was when I was  
in my farfather out at the west and she and myself, the redheaded  
girl, firstnighting down Sycomore Lane. Fine feelplay we had  
of it mid the kissabetts frisking in the kool kurkle dusk of the  
lushiness. My perfume of the pampas, says she (meaning me)  
putting out her netherlights, and I’d sooner one precious sip at  
your pure mountain dew than enrich my acquaintance with that  
big brewer’s belch.

And so they went on, the fourbottle men, the analists, ungu-  
am and nunguam and lunguam again, their anschluss about her  
whosebefore and his whereafters and how she was lost away  
away in the fern and how he was founded deap on deep in anear,  
and the rustlings and the twitterings and the raspings and the  
snappings and the sighings and the paintings and the ukukuings  
and the (hist!) the springapartings and the (hast!) the bybyscutt-  
lings and all the scandalmunkers and the pure craigs that used to  
be (up) that time living and lying and rating and riding round  
Nunsbelly Square. And all the buds in the bush. And the laugh-%j%

