format: snippet


%ni%rockbound (hoahoahoah!) in swimswamswum and all the livvy-  
long night, the delldale dalppling night, the night of bluerybells,  
her flittaflute in tricky trochees (O carina! O carina!) wake him.  
With her issavan essavans and her patterjackmartins about all  
them inns and ouses. Tilling a teel of a tum, telling a toll of a tea-  
ry turty Taubling. Grace before Glutton. For what we are, gifs  
a gross if we are, about to believe. So pool the begg and pass the  
kish for crawsake. Omen. So sigh us. Grampupus is fallen down  
but grinny sprids the boord. Whase on the joint of a desh? Fin-  
foefom the Fush. Whase be his baken head? A loaf of Singpan-  
try’s Kennedy bread. And whase hitched to the hop in his tayle?  
A glass of Danu U’Dunnell’s foamous olde Dobbelin ayle. But,  
lo, as you would quaffoff his fraudstuff and sink teeth through  
that pyth of a flowerwhite bodey behold of him as behemoth for  
he is noewhemoe. Finiche! Only a fadograph of a yestern scene.  
Almost rubicund Salmosalar, ancient fromout the ages of the Ag-  
apemonides, he is smolten in our mist, woebecanned and packt  
away. So that meal’s dead off for summan, schlook, schlice and  
goodridhirring.

Yet may we not see still the brontoichthyan form outlined a-  
slumbered, even in our own nighttime by the sedge of the trout-  
ling stream that Bronto loved and Brunto has a lean on. *Hic cubat  
edilis. Apud libertinam parvulam.* Whatif she be in flags or flitters,  
reekierags or sundyechosies, with a mint of mines or beggar a  
pinnyweight. Arrah, sure, we all love little Anny Ruiny, or, we  
mean to say, lovelittle Anna Rayiny, when unda her brella, mid  
piddle med puddle, she ninnygoes nannygoes nancing by. Yoh!  
Brontolone slaaps, yoh snoores. Upon Benn Heather, in Seeple  
Isout too. The cranic head on him, caster of his reasons, peer yu-  
thner in yondmist. Whooth? His clay feet, swarded in verdigrass,  
stick up starck where he last fellonem, by the mund of the maga-  
zine wall, where our maggy seen all, with her sisterin shawl.  
While over against this belles’ alliance beyind Ill Sixty, ollol-  
lowed ill! bagsides of the fort, bom, tarabom, tarabom, lurk the  
ombushes, the site of the lyffing-in-wait of the upjock and hock-  
ums. Hence when the clouds roll by, jamey, a proudseye view is%j%

