format: snippet


%ni%the dummy in their first infancy were below on the tearsheet,  
wringing and coughing, like brodar and histher. And the prank-  
quean nipped a paly one and lit up again and redcocks flew flack-  
ering from the hillcombs. And she made her witter before the  
wicked, saying: Mark the Twy, why do I am alook alike two poss  
of porterpease? And: Shut! says the wicked, handwording her  
madesty. So her madesty aforethought set down a jiminy and  
took up a jiminy and all the lilipath ways to Woeman’s Land she  
rain, rain, rain. And Jarl von Hoother bleethered atter her with  
a loud finegale: Stop domb stop come back with my earring stop.  
But the prankquean swaradid: Am liking it. And there was a wild  
old grannewwail that laurency night of starshootings somewhere  
in Erio. And the prankquean went for her forty years’ walk in  
Turnlemeem and she punched the curses of cromcruwell with  
the nail of a top into the jiminy and she had her four larksical  
monitrix to touch him his tears and she provorted him to the  
onecertain allsecure and he became a tristian. So then she started  
raining, raining, and in a pair of changers, be dom ter, she was  
back again at Jarl von Hoother’s and the Larryhill with her under  
her abromette. And why would she halt at all if not by the ward  
of his mansionhome of another nice lace for the third charm?  
And Jarl von Hoother had his hurricane hips up to his pantry-  
box, ruminating in his holdfour stomachs (Dare! O dare!), ant  
the jiminy Toughertrees and the dummy were belove on the  
watercloth, kissing and spitting, and roguing and poghuing, like  
knavepaltry and naivebride and in their second infancy. And the  
prankquean picked a blank and lit out and the valleys lay twink-  
ling. And she made her wittest in front of the arkway of trihump,  
asking: Mark the Tris, why do I am alook alike three poss of por-  
ter pease? But that was how the skirtmishes endupped. For like  
the campbells acoming with a fork lance of-lightning, Jarl von  
Hoother Boanerges himself, the old terror of the dames, came  
hip hop handihap out through the pikeopened arkway of his  
three shuttoned castles, in his broadginger hat and his civic chol-  
lar and his allabuff hemmed and his bullbraggin soxangloves  
and his ladbroke breeks and his cattegut bandolair and his fur-%j%

