format: snippet


%ni%occasion of the happy escape, for a crowning of pot valiance,  
this regional platter, benjamin of bouillis, with a spolish olive to  
middlepoint its zaynith, was marrying itself (porkograso!) ere-  
busqued very deluxiously with a bottle of Phenice-Bruerie ’98,  
followed for second nuptials by a Piessporter, Grand Cur, of  
both of which cherished tablelights (though humble the bounquet  
’tis a leaman’s farewell) he obdurately sniffed the cobwebcrusted  
corks.

Our cad’s bit of strife (knee Bareniece Maxwelton) with a quick  
ear for spittoons (as the aftertale hath it) glaned up as usual with  
dumbestic husbandry (no persicks and armelians for thee, Pome-  
ranzia!) but, slipping the clav in her claw, broke of the matter  
among a hundred and eleven others in her usual curtsey (how  
faint these first vhespers womanly are, a secret pispigliando, amad  
the lavurdy den of their manfolker!) the next night nudge one  
as was Hegesippus over a hup a ’ chee, her eys dry and small and  
speech thicklish because he appeared a funny colour like he  
couldn’t stood they old hens no longer, to her particular reverend,  
the director, whom she had been meaning in her mind primarily  
to speak with (hosch, intra! jist a timblespoon!) trusting, between  
cuppled lips and annie lawrie promises (mighshe never have  
Esnekerry pudden come Hunanov for her pecklapitschens!) that  
the gossiple so delivered in his epistolear, buried teatoastally in  
their Irish stew would go no further than his jesuit’s cloth, yet  
(in vinars venitas! volatiles valetotum!) it was this overspoiled  
priest Mr Browne, disguised as a vincentian, who, when seized  
of the facts, was overheard, in his secondary personality as a  
Nolan and underreared, poul soul, by accident%—%if, that is, the  
incident it was an accident for here the ruah of Ecclectiastes  
of Hippo outpuffs the writress of Havvah-ban-Annah%—%to  
pianissime a slightly varied version of Crookedribs confidentials,  
(what Mere Aloyse said but for Jesuphine’s sake!) hands between  
hahands, in fealty sworn (my bravor best! my fraur!) and, to the  
strains of *The Secret of Her Birth*, hushly pierce the rubiend  
aurellum of one Philly Thurnston, a layteacher of rural science  
and orthophonethics of a nearstout figure and about the middle%j%

