format: snippet


%ni%haunt of the hungred bordles, as it is told me. Shop Illicit,  
flourishing like a lordmajor or a buaboabaybohm, litting flop  
a deadlop (aloose!) to lee but lifting a bennbranch a yardalong  
(Ivoeh!) the breezy side (for showm!), the height of Brew-  
ster’s chimpney and as broad below as Phineas Barnum; humph-  
ing his share of the showthers is senken on him he’s such a  
grandfallar, with a pocked wife in pickle that’s a flyfire and three  
lice nittle clinkers, two twilling bugs and one midgit pucelle.  
And aither he cursed and recursed and was everseen doing what  
your fourfootlers saw or he was never done seeing what you cool-  
pigeons know, weep the clouds aboon for smiledown witnesses,  
and that’ll do now about the fairyhees and the frailyshees.  
Though Eset fibble it to the zephiroth and Artsa zoom it round  
her heavens for ever. Creator he has created for his creatured  
ones a creation. White monothoid? Red theatrocrat? And all the  
pinkprophets cohalething? Very much so! But however ’twas  
’tis sure for one thing, what sherif Toragh voucherfors and  
Mapqiq makes put out, that the man, Humme the Cheapner,  
Esc, overseen as we thought him, yet a worthy of the naym,  
came at this timecoloured place where we live in our paroqial  
fermament one tide on another, with a bumrush in a hull of a  
wherry, the twin turbane dhow, *The Bey for Dybbling*, this  
archipelago’s first visiting schooner, with a wicklowpattern  
waxenwench at her prow for a figurehead, the deadsea dugong  
updipdripping from his depths, and has been repreaching him-  
self like a fishmummer these siktyten years ever since, his shebi  
by his shide, adi and aid, growing hoarish under his turban and  
changing cane sugar into sethulose starch (Tuttut’s cess to him!)  
as also that, batin the bulkihood he bloats about when innebbi-  
ated, our old offender was humile, commune and ensectuous  
from his nature, which you may gauge after the bynames was  
put under him, in lashons of languages, (honnein suit and  
praisers be!) and, totalisating him, even hamissim of himashim  
that he, sober serious, he is ee and no counter he who will be  
ultimendly respunchable for the hubbub caused in Eden-  
borough.

