format: snippet


%ni%framed panuncular cumbottes like a rudd yellan gruebleen or-  
angeman in his violet indigonation, to the whole longth of the  
strongth of his bowman’s bill. And he clopped his rude hand to  
his eacy hitch and he ordurd and his thick spch spck for her to  
shut up shop, dappy. And the duppy shot the shutter clup (Per-  
kodhuskurunbarggruauyagokgorlayorgromgremmitghundhurth-  
rumathunaradidillifaititillibumullunukkunun!) And they all drank  
free. For one man in his armour was a fat match always for any  
girls under shurts. And that was the first peace of illiterative  
porthery in all the flamend floody flatuous world. How kirssy the  
tiler made a sweet unclose to the Narwhealian captol. Saw fore  
shalt thou sea. Betoun ye and be. The prankquean was to hold  
her dummyship and the jimminies was to keep the peacewave  
and van Hoother was to git the wind up. Thus the hearsomeness  
of the burger felicitates the whole of the polis.

O foenix culprit! Ex nickylow malo comes mickelmassed bo-  
num. Hill, rill, ones in company, billeted, less be proud of. Breast  
high and bestride! Only for that these will not breathe upon  
Norronesen or Irenean the secrest of their soorcelossness. Quar-  
ry silex, Homfrie Noanswa! Undy gentian festyknees, Livia No-  
answa? Wolkencap is on him, frowned; audiurient, he would  
evesdrip, were it mous at hand, were it dinn of bottles in the far  
ear. Murk, his vales are darkling. With lipth she lithpeth to him  
all to time of thuch on thuch and thow on thow. She he she ho  
she ha to la. Hairfluke, if he could bad twig her! Impalpabunt,  
he abhears. The soundwaves are his buffeteers; they trompe him  
with their trompes; the wave of roary and the wave of hooshed  
and the wave of hawhawhawrd and the wave of neverheedthem-  
horseluggarsandlisteltomine. Landloughed by his neaghboormis-  
tress and perpetrified in his offsprung, sabes and suckers, the  
moaning pipers could tell him to his faceback, the louthly one  
whose loab we are devorers of, how butt for his hold halibutt, or  
her to her pudor puff, the lipalip one whose libe we drink at, how  
biff for her tiddywink of a windfall, our breed and washer givers,  
there would not be a holey spier on the town nor a vestal flout-  
ing in the dock, nay to make plein avowels, nor a yew nor an eye%j%

