format: snippet


%ni%mien, we are in rearing of a norewhig. So weenybeeny-  
veenyteeny. Comsy see! Het wis if ee newt. Lissom! lissom!  
I am doing it. Hark, the corne entreats! And the larpnotes  
prittle.

It was of a night, late, lang time agone, in an auldstane eld,  
when Adam was delvin and his madameen spinning watersilts,  
when mulk mountynotty man was everybully and the first leal  
ribberrobber that ever had her ainway everybuddy to his love-  
saking eyes and everybilly lived alove with everybiddy else, and  
Jarl van Hoother had his burnt head high up in his lamphouse,  
laying cold hands on himself. And his two little jiminies, cousins  
of ourn, Tristopher and Hilary, were kickaheeling their dummy  
on the oil cloth flure of his homerigh, castle and earthenhouse.  
And, be dermot, who come to the keep of his inn only the niece-  
of-his-in-law, the prankquean. And the prankquean pulled a rosy  
one and made her wit foreninst the dour. And she lit up and fire-  
land was ablaze. And spoke she to the dour in her petty perusi-  
enne: Mark the Wans, why do I am alook alike a poss of porter-  
pease? And that was how the skirtmisshes began. But the dour  
handworded her grace in dootch nossow: Shut! So her grace  
o’malice kidsnapped up the jiminy Tristopher and into the shan-  
dy westerness she rain, rain, rain. And Jarl van Hoother war-  
lessed after her with soft dovesgall: Stop deef stop come back to  
my earin stop. But she swaradid to him: Unlikelihud. And there  
was a brannewail that same sabboath night of falling angles some-  
where in Erio. And the prankquean went for her forty years’  
walk in Tourlemonde and she washed the blessings of the love-  
spots off the jiminy with soap sulliver suddles and she had her  
four owlers masters for to tauch him his tickles and she convor-  
ted him to the onesure allgood and he became a luderman. So then  
she started to rain and to rain and, be redtom, she was back again  
at Jarl van Hoother’s in a brace of samers and the jiminy with  
her in her pinafrond, lace at night, at another time. And where  
did she come but to the bar of his bristolry. And Jarl von Hoo-  
ther had his baretholobruised heels drowned in his cellarmalt,  
shaking warm hands with himself and the jimminy Hilary and%j%

