format: snippet


%ni%seen your missus in the hall. Like the queenoveire. Arrah, it’s  
herself that’s fine, too, don’t be talking! Shirksends? You storyan  
Harry chap longa me Harry chap storyan grass woman plelthy  
good trout. Shakeshands. Dibble a hayfork’s wrong with her only  
her lex’s salig. Boald Tib does be yawning and smirking cat’s  
hours on the Pollockses’ woolly round tabouretcushion watch-  
ing her sewing a dream together, the tailor’s daughter, stitch to  
her last. Or while waiting for winter to fire the enchantement,  
decoying more nesters to fall down the flue. It’s allavalonche that  
blows nopussy food. If you only were there to explain the mean-  
ing, best of men, and talk to her nice of guldenselver. The lips  
would moisten once again. As when you drove with her to Fin-  
drinny Fair. What with reins here and ribbons there all your  
hands were employed so she never knew was she on land or at  
sea or swooped through the blue like Airwinger’s bride. She  
was flirtsome then and she’s fluttersome yet. She can second a  
song and adores a scandal when the last post’s gone by. Fond of  
a concertina and pairs passing when she’s had her forty winks  
for supper after kanekannan and abbely dimpling and is in her  
merlin chair assotted, reading her Evening World. To see is  
it smarts, full lengths or swaggers. News, news, all the news.  
Death, a leopard, kills fellah in Fez. Angry scenes at Stormount.  
Stilla Star with her lucky in goingaways. Opportunity fair with  
the China floods and we hear these rosy rumours. Ding Tams he  
noise about all same Harry chap. She’s seeking her way, a chickle  
a chuckle, in and out of their serial story, *Les Loves of Selskar  
et Pervenche*, freely adapted to *The Novvergin’s Viv*. There’ll  
be bluebells blowing in salty sepulchres the night she signs her  
final tear. Zee End. But that’s a world of ways away. Till track  
laws time. No silver ash or switches for that one! While flattering  
candles flare. Anna Stacey’s how are you! Worther waist in the  
noblest, says Adams and Sons, the wouldpay actionneers. Her  
hair’s as brown as ever it was. And wivvy and wavy. Repose you  
now! Finn no more!

For, be that samesake sibsubstitute of a hooky salmon, there’s  
already a big rody ram lad at random on the premises of his%j%

