format: snippet


%ni%after Tom Bowe Glassarse or Timmy the Tosser. ’Tisraely the  
truth! No isn’t it, roman pathoricks? You were the doublejoynted  
janitor the morning they were delivered and you’ll be a grandfer  
yet entirely when the ritehand seizes what the lovearm knows.  
Kevin’s just a doat with his cherub cheek, chalking oghres on  
walls, and his little lamp and schoolbelt and bag of knicks, playing  
postman’s knock round the diggings and if the seep were milk  
you could lieve his olde by his ide but, laus sake, the devil does  
be in that knirps of a Jerry sometimes, the tarandtan plaidboy,  
making encostive inkum out of the last of his lavings and writing  
a blue streak over his bourseday shirt. Hetty Jane’s a child of  
Mary. She’ll be coming (for they’re sure to choose her) in her  
white of gold with a tourch of ivy to rekindle the flame on Felix  
Day. But Essie Shanahan has let down her skirts. You remember  
Essie in our Luna’s Convent? They called her Holly Merry her  
lips were so ruddyberry and Pia de Purebelle when the redminers  
riots was on about her. Were I a clerk designate to the Williams-  
woodsmenufactors I’d poster those pouters on every jamb in the  
town. She’s making her rep at Lanner’s twicenightly. With the  
tabarine tamtammers of the whirligigmagees. Beats that cachucha  
flat. ’Twould dilate your heart to go.

Aisy now, you decent man, with your knees and lie quiet and  
repose your honour’s lordship! Hold him here, Ezekiel Irons, and  
may God strengthen you! It’s our warm spirits, boys, he’s spoor-  
ing. Dimitrius O’Flagonan, cork that cure for the Clancartys! You  
swamped enough since Portobello to float the Pomeroy. Fetch  
neahere, Pat Koy! And fetch nouyou, Pam Yates! Be nayther  
angst of Wramawitch! Here’s lumbos. Where misties swaddlum,  
where misches lodge none, where mystries pour kind on, O  
sleepy! So be yet!

I’ve an eye on queer Behan and old Kate and the butter, trust me.  
She’ll do no jugglywuggly with her war souvenir postcards to  
help to build me murial, tippers! I’ll trip your traps! Assure a  
sure there! And we put on your clock again, sir, for you. Did or  
didn’t we, sharestutterers? So you won’t be up a stump entirely.  
Nor shed your remnants. The sternwheel’s crawling strong. I%j%

