format: snippet


%ni%blackfaced connemaras not of the fold but elder children of his  
household, his most besetting of ideas (*pace* his twolve predama-  
nant passions) being the formation, as in more favoured climes,  
where the Meadow of Honey is guestfriendly and the Mountain  
of Joy receives, of a truly criminal stratum, Ham’s cribcracking  
yeggs, thereby at last eliminating from all classes and masses with  
directly derivative decasualisation: *sigarius* (sic!) *vindicat urbes  
terrorum* (sicker!): and so, to mark a bank taal she arter, the  
obedience of the citizens elp the ealth of the ole.

Now gode. Let us leave theories there and return to here’s here.  
Now hear. ’Tis gode again. The teak coffin, Pughglasspanelfitted,  
feets to the east, was to turn in later, and pitly patly near the  
porpus, materially effecting the cause. And this, liever, is the  
thinghowe. Any number of conservative public bodies, through  
a number of select and other committees having power to add to  
their number, before voting themselves and himself, town, port  
and garrison, by a fit and proper resolution, following a koorts  
order of the groundwet, once for all out of plotty existence, as  
a forescut, so you maateskippey might to you cuttinrunner on a  
neuw pack of klerds, made him, while his body still persisted,  
their present of a protem grave in Moyelta of the best Lough  
Neagh pattern, then as much in demand among misonesans as  
the Isle of Man today among limniphobes. Wacht even! It was  
in a fairly fishy kettlekerry, after the Fianna’s foreman had taken  
his handful, enriched with ancient woods and dear dutchy deep-  
linns mid which were an old knoll and a troutbeck, vainyvain of  
her osiery and a chatty sally with any Wilt or Walt who would  
ongle her as Izaak did to the tickle of his rod and watch her  
waters of her sillying waters of and there now brown peater  
arripple (may their quilt gild lightly over his somnolulutent  
form!) Whoforyou lies his last, by the wrath of Bog, like the  
erst curst Hun in the bed of his treubleu Donawhu.

Best. This wastohavebeen underground heaven, or mole’s  
paradise which was probably also an inversion of a phallopharos,  
intended to foster wheat crops and to ginger up tourist trade  
(its architecht, Mgr Peurelachasse, having been obcaecated lest%j%

