format: snippet


%ni%the duskrose has choosed out Goatstown’s hedges, twolips have  
pressed togatherthem by sweet Rush, townland of twinedlights,  
the whitethorn and the redthorn have fairygeyed the mayvalleys  
of Knockmaroon, and, though for rings round them, during a  
chiliad of perihelygangs, the Formoreans have brittled the too-  
ath of the Danes and the Oxman has been pestered by the Fire-  
bugs and the Joynts have thrown up jerrybuilding to the Kevan-  
ses and Little on the Green is childsfather to the City (Year!  
Year! And laughtears!), these paxsealing buttonholes have quad-  
rilled across the centuries and whiff now whafft to us, fresh and  
made-of-all-smiles as, on the eve of Killallwho.

The babbelers with their thangas vain have been (confusium  
hold them!) they were and went; thigging thugs were and hou-  
hnhymn songtoms were and comely norgels were and pollyfool  
fiansees. Menn have thawed, clerks have surssurhummed, the  
blond has sought of the brune: Elsekiss thou may, mean Kerry  
piggy?: and the duncledames have countered with the hellish fel-  
lows: Who ails tongue coddeau, aspace of dumbillsilly? And they  
fell upong one another: and themselves they have fallen. And  
still nowanights and by nights of yore do all bold floras of the  
field to their shyfaun lovers say only: Cull me ere I wilt to thee!:  
and, but a little later: Pluck me whilst I blush! Well may they  
wilt, marry, and profusedly blush, be troth! For that saying is as  
old as the howitts. Lave a whale a while in a whillbarrow (isn’t  
it the truath I’m tallin ye?) to have fins and flippers that shimmy  
and shake. Tim Timmycan timped hir, tampting Tam. Fleppety!  
Flippety! Fleapow!

Hop!

In the name of Anem this carl on the kopje in pelted thongs a  
parth a lone who the joebiggar be he? Forshapen his pigmaid  
hoagshead, shroonk his plodsfoot. He hath locktoes, this short-  
shins, and, Obeold that’s pectoral, his mammamuscles most  
mousterious. It is slaking nuncheon out of some thing’s brain  
pan. Me seemeth a dragon man. He is almonthst on the kiep  
fief by here, is Comestipple Sacksoun, be it junipery or febrew-  
ery, marracks or alebrill or the ramping riots of pouriose and%j%

