format: snippet


%ni%part so ptee does duty for the holos we soon grow to use of an  
allforabit. Here (please to stoop) are selveran cued peteet peas of  
quite a pecuniar interest inaslittle as they are the pellets that make  
the tomtummy’s pay roll. Right rank ragnar rocks and with these  
rox orangotangos rangled rough and rightgorong. Wisha, wisha,  
whydidtha? Thik is for thorn that’s thuck in its thoil like thum-  
fool’s thraitor thrust for vengeance. What a mnice old mness it  
all mnakes! A middenhide hoard of objects! Olives, beets, kim-  
mells, dollies, alfrids, beatties, cormacks and daltons. Owlets’ eegs  
(O stoop to please!) are here, creakish from age and all now  
quite epsilene, and oldwolldy wobblewers, haudworth a wipe o  
grass. Sss! See the snake wurrums everyside! Our durlbin is  
sworming in sneaks. They came to our island from triangular  
Toucheaterre beyond the wet prairie rared up in the midst of the  
cargon of prohibitive pomefructs but along landed Paddy Wip-  
pingham and the his garbagecans cotched the creeps of them  
pricker than our whosethere outofman could quick up her whats-  
thats. Somedivide and sumthelot but the tally turns round the  
same balifuson. Racketeers and bottloggers.

Axe on thwacks on thracks, axenwise. One by one place one  
be three dittoh and one before. Two nursus one make a plaus-  
ible free and idim behind. Starting off with a big boaboa and three-  
legged calvers and ivargraine jadesses with a message in their  
mouths. And a hundreadfilled unleavenweight of liberorumqueue  
to con an we can till allhorrors eve. What a meanderthalltale to  
unfurl and with what an end in view of squattor and anntisquattor  
and postproneauntisquattor! To say too us to be every tim, nick  
and larry of us, sons of the sod, sons, littlesons, yea and lealittle-  
sons, when usses not to be, every sue, siss and sally of us, dugters  
of Nan! Accusative ahnsire! Damadam to infinities

True there was in nillohs dieybos as yet no lumpend papeer  
in the waste and mightmountain Penn still groaned for the micies  
to let flee. All was of ancientry. You gave me a boot (signs on  
it!) and I ate the wind. I quizzed you a quid (with for what?) and  
you went to the quod. But the world, mind, is, was and will be  
writing its own wrunes for ever, man, on all matters that fall%j%

