format: snippet


%ni%under the ban of our infrarational senses fore the last milch-  
camel, the heartvein throbbing between his eyebrowns, has still to  
moor before the tomb of his cousin charmian where his date is  
tethered by the palm that’s hers. But the horn, the drinking, the  
day of dread are not now. A bone, a pebble, a ramskin; chip them,  
chap them, cut them up allways; leave them to terracook in the  
muttheringpot: and Gutenmorg with his cromagnom charter,  
tintingfast and great primer must once for omniboss step rub-  
rickredd out of the wordpress else is there no virtue more in al-  
cohoran. For that (the rapt one warns) is what papyr is meed  
of, made of, hides and hints and misses in prints. Till ye finally  
(though not yet endlike) meet with the acquaintance of Mister  
Typus, Mistress Tope and all the little typtopies. Fillstup. So you  
need hardly spell me how every word will be bound over to carry  
three score and ten toptypsical readings throughout the book of  
Doublends Jined (may his forehead be darkened with mud who  
would sunder!) till Daleth, mahomahouma, who oped it closeth  
thereof the. Dor.

Cry not yet! There’s many a smile to Nondum, with sytty  
maids per man, sir, and the park’s so dark by kindlelight. But  
look what you have in your handself! The movibles are scrawl-  
ing in motions, marching, all of them ago, in pitpat and zingzang  
for every busy eerie whig’s a bit of a torytale to tell. One’s upon  
a thyme and two’s behind their lettice leap and three’s among the  
strubbely beds. And the chicks picked their teeths and the domb-  
key he begay began. You can ask your ass if he believes it. And  
so cuddy me only wallops have heels. That one of a wife with  
folty barnets. For then was the age when hoops ran high. Of a  
noarch and a chopwife; of a pomme full grave and a fammy of  
levity; or of golden youths that wanted gelding; or of what the  
mischievmiss made a man do. Malmarriedad he was reverso-  
gassed by the frisque of her frasques and her prytty pyrrhique.  
Maye faye, she’s la gaye this snaky woman! From that trippiery  
toe expectungpelick! Veil, volantine, valentine eyes. She’s the  
very besch Winnie blows Nay on good. Flou inn, flow ann.  
Hohore! So it’s sure it was her not we! But lay it easy, gentle%j%

