format: snippet


%ni%derry padouasoys, girdle and braces by the halfmoon and Seven  
Stars, russets from the Blackamoor’s Head, amongst the climbing  
boys at his Eagle and Child and over the corn and hay emptors  
at their Black and All Black, Mrs F... A... saidaside, half in  
stage of whisper to her confidante glass, while recoopering her  
cartwheel chapot (ahat!%—%and we now know what thimbles a  
baquets on lallance a talls mean), she hoped Sid Arthar would  
git a Chrissman’s portrout of orange and lemonsized orchids with  
hollegs and ether, from the feeatre of the Innocident, as the  
worryld had been uncained. Then, while it is odrous comparison-  
ing to the sprangflowers of his burstday which was a virid-  
able goddinpotty for the reinworms and the charlattinas and all  
branches of climatitis, it has been such a wanderful noyth untirely,  
added she, with many regards to Maha’s pranjapansies. (Tart!)  
Prehistoric, obitered to his dictaphone an entychologist: his pro-  
penomen is a properismenon. A dustman nocknamed Seven-  
churches in the employ of Messrs Achburn, Soulpetre and  
Ashreborn, prairmakers, Glintalook, was asked by the sisterhood  
the vexed question during his midday collation of leaver and  
buckrom alternatively with stenk and kitteney phie in a hash-  
housh and, thankeaven, responsed impulsively: We have just been  
propogandering his nullity suit and what they took out of his ear  
among my own crush. All our fellows at O’Dea’s sages with  
Aratar Calaman he is a cemented brick, buck it all! A more nor  
usually sober cardriver, who was jauntingly hosing his runabout,  
Ginger Jane, took a strong view. Lorry hosed her as he talked  
and this is what he told rewritemen: Irewaker is just a plain pink  
joint reformee in private life but folks all have it by brehemons  
laws he has parliamentary honours. Eiskaffier said (Louigi’s, you  
know that man’s, brillant Savourain): *Mon foie*, you wish to ave  
some homelette, yes, lady! Good, mein leber! Your hegg he must  
break himself See, I crack, so, he sit in the poele, umbedimbt!  
A perspirer (over sixty) who was keeping up his tennises panted  
he kne ho har twa to clect infamatios but a diffpair flannels climb  
wall and trespassing on doorbell. After fullblown Braddon hear  
this fresky troterella! A railways barmaid’s view (they call her%j%

