format: snippet


%ni%next to nothing and celescalating the himals and all, hierarchitec-  
titiptitoploftical, with a burning bush abob off its baubletop and  
with larrons o'toolers clittering up and tombles a'buckets clotter-  
ing down.

Of the first was he to bare arms and a name: Wassaily Boos-  
laeugh of Riesengeborg. His crest of huroldry, in vert with  
ancillars, troublant, argent, a hegoak, poursuivant, horrid, horned.  
His scutschum fessed, with archers strung, helio, of the second.  
Hootch is for husbandman handling his hoe. Hohohoho, Mister  
Finn, you're going to be Mister Finnagain! Comeday morm and,  
O, you're vine! Sendday's eve and, ah, you're vinegar! Hahahaha,  
Mister Funn, you're going to be fined again!

What then agentlike brought about that tragoady thundersday  
this municipal sin business? Our cubehouse still rocks as earwitness  
to the thunder of his arafatas but we hear also through successive  
ages that shebby choruysh of unkalified muzzlenimiissilehims that  
would blackguardise the whitestone ever hurtleturtled out of  
heaven. Stay us wherefore in our search for tighteousness, O Sus-  
tainer, what time we rise and when we take up to toothmick and  
before we lump down upown our leatherbed and in the night and  
at the fading of the stars! For a nod to the nabir is better than wink  
to the wabsanti. Otherways wesways like that provost scoffing  
bedoueen the jebel and the jpysian sea. Cropherb the crunch-  
bracken shall decide. Then we'll know if the feast is a flyday. She  
has a gift of seek on site and she allcasually ansars helpers, the  
dreamydeary. Heed! Heed! It may half been a missfired brick, as  
some say, or it mought have been due to a collupsus of his back  
promises, as others looked at it. (There extand by now one thou-  
sand and one stories, all told, of the same). But so sore did abe  
ite ivvy's holired abbles, (what with the wallhall's horrors of rolls-  
rights, carhacks, stonengens, kisstvanes, tramtrees, fargobawlers,  
autokinotons, hippohobbilies, streetfleets, tournintaxes, mega-  
phoggs, circuses and wardsmoats and basilikerks and aeropagods  
and the hoyse and the jollybrool and the peeler in the coat and  
the mecklenburk bitch bite at his ear and the merlinburrow bur-  
rocks and his fore old porecourts, the bore the more, and his%j%

