format: snippet


%ni%their standing verdict of Nolans Brumans whereoneafter King,  
having murdered all the English he knew, picked out his pockets  
and left the tribunal scotfree, trailing his Tommeylommey’s tunic  
in his hurry, thereinunder proudly showing off the blink patch to  
his britgits to prove himself (an’t plase yous!) a rael genteel. To  
the Switz bobbyguard’s curial but courtlike: Commodore valley O  
hairy, Arthre jennyrosy?: the firewaterloover returted with such a  
vinesmelling fortytudor ages rawdownhams tanyouhide as would  
the latten stomach even of a tumass equinous (we were prepared  
for the chap’s clap cap, the accent, but, took us as, by surprise  
and now we’re geshing it like gush gash from a burner!) so that all  
the twofromthirty advocatesses within echo, pulling up their briefs  
at the krigkry: Shun the Punman!: safely and soundly soccered  
that fenemine Parish Poser, (how dare he!) umprumptu right-  
oway hames, much to his thanks, gratiasagam, to all the wrong  
donatrices, biss Drinkbattle’s Dingy Dwellings where (for like  
your true venuson Esau he was dovetimid as the dears at  
Bottome) he shat in (zoo), like the muddy goalbind who he was  
(dun), the chassetitties belles conclaiming: You and your gift of  
your gaft of your garbage abaht our Farvver! and gaingridando:  
Hon! Verg! Nau! Putor! Skam! Schams! Shames!

And so it all ended. Artha kama dharma moksa. Ask Kavya for  
the kay. And so everybody heard their plaint and all listened to  
their plause. The letter! The litter! And the soother the bitther!  
Of eyebrow pencilled, by lipstipple penned. Borrowing a word  
and begging the question and stealing tinder and slipping like  
soap. From dark Rasa Lane a sigh and a weep, from Lesbia  
Looshe the beam in her eye, from lone Coogan Barry his arrow  
of song, from Sean Kelly’s anagrim a blush at the name, from  
I am the Sullivan that trumpeting tramp, from Suffering Duf-  
ferin the Sit of her Style, from Kathleen May Vernon her Mebbe  
fair efforts, from Fillthepot Curran his scotchlove machree-  
ther, from hymn Op. 2 Phil Adolphos the weary O, the leery,  
O, from Samyouwill Leaver or Damyouwell Lover thatjolly  
old molly bit or that bored saunter by, from Timm Finn again’s  
weak tribes, loss of strenghth to his sowheel, from the wedding%j%

