format: snippet


%ni%so as he was able to add) lobe before the Great Schoolmaster’s.  
(I tell you no story.) Smile!

The house of Atreox is fallen indeedust (Ilyam, Ilyum! Mae-  
romor Mournomates!) averging on blight like the mundibanks of  
Fennyana, but deeds bounds going arise again. Life, he himself  
said once, (his biografiend, in fact, kills him verysoon, if yet not,  
after) is a wake, livit or krikit, and on the bunk of our bread-  
winning lies the cropse of our seedfather, a phrase which the  
establisher of the world by law might pretinately write across  
the chestfront of all manorwombanborn. The scene, refreshed,  
reroused, was never to be forgotten, the hen and crusader ever-  
intermutuomergent, for later in the century one of that puisne  
band of factferreters, (then an excivily (out of the custom huts)  
(retired), (hurt), under the sixtyfives act) in a dressy black modern  
style and wewere shiny tan burlingtons, (tam, homd and dicky,  
quopriquos and peajagd) rehearsed it, pippa pointing, with a  
dignified (copied) bow to a namecousin of the late archdeacon  
F. X. Preserved Coppinger (a hot fellow in his night, may the  
mouther of guard have mastic on him!) in a pullwoman of our  
first transhibernian with one still sadder circumstance which is a  
dirkandurk heartskewerer if ever to bring bouncing brimmers  
from marbled eyes. Cycloptically through the windowdisks and  
with eddying awes the round eyes of the rundreisers, back to back,  
buck to bucker, on their airish chaunting car, beheld with in-  
touristing anterestedness the clad pursue the bare, the bare the  
green, the green the frore, the frore the cladagain, as their convoy  
wheeled encirculingly abound the gigantig’s lifetree, our fire-  
leaved loverlucky blomsterbohm, phoenix in our woodlessness,  
haughty, cacuminal, erubescent (repetition!) whose roots they be  
asches with lustres of peins. For as often as the Archicadenus,  
pleacing aside his *Irish Field* and craving their auriculars to re-  
cepticle particulars before they got the bump at Castlebar (mat  
and far!) spoke of it by request all, hearing in this new reading  
of the part whereby, because of Dyas in his machina, the new  
garrickson’s grimacing grimaldism hypostasised by substintua-  
tion the axiomatic orerotundity of that once grand old elrington%j%

