format: snippet


%ni%several of the earmarks of design, for there is in fact no use in  
putting a tooth in a snipery of that sort and the amount of all  
those sort of things which has been going on onceaday in and  
twiceaday out every other nachtistag among all kinds of pro-  
miscious individuals at all ages in private homes and reeboos  
publikiss and allover all and elsewhere throughout secular  
sequence the country over and overabroad has been particularly  
stupendous. To be continued. Federals’ Uniteds’ Transports’  
Unions’ for Exultations’ of Triumphants’ Ecstasies.

But resuming inquiries. Will it ever be next morning the postal  
unionist’s (officially called carrier’s, Letters Scotch, Limited)  
strange fate (Fierceendgiddyex he’s hight, d.e., the losel that  
hucks around missivemaids’ gummibacks) to hand in a huge  
chain envelope, written in seven divers stages of ink, from blanch-  
essance to lavandaiette, every pothook and pancrook bespaking  
the wisherwife, superscribed and subpencilled by yours A Laugh-  
able Party, with afterwite, S.A.G., to Hyde and Cheek, Eden-  
berry, Dubblenn, WC? Will whatever will be written in lappish  
language with inbursts of Maggyer always seem semposed, black  
looking white and white guarding black, in that siamixed twoa-  
talk used twist stern swift and jolly roger? Will it bright upon us,  
nightle, and we plunging to our plight? Well, it might now, mircle,  
so it light. Always and ever till Cox’s wife, twice Mrs Hahn, pokes  
her beak into the matter with Owen K. after her, to see whawa  
smutter after, will this kiribis pouch filled with litterish frag-  
ments lurk dormant in the paunch of that halpbrother of a herm,  
a pillarbox?

The coffin, a triumph of the illusionist’s art, at first blench  
naturally taken for a handharp (it is handwarp to tristinguish  
jubabe from jabule or either from tubote when all three have just  
been invened) had been removed from the hardware premises of  
Oetzmann and Nephew, a noted house of the gonemost west,  
which in the natural course of all things continues to supply  
funeral requisites of every needed description. Why needed,  
though? Indeed needed (wouldn’t you feel like rattanfowl if you  
hadn’t the oscar!) because the flash brides or bride in their lily%j%

