format: snippet


%ni%bird! From golddawn glory to glowworm gleam. We were  
lowquacks did we not tacit turn. Elsewere there here no con-  
cern of the Guinnesses. But only the ruining of the rain has  
heard. *Estout pourporteral!* Cracklings cricked. A human pest  
cycling (pist!) and recycling (past!) about the sledgy streets, here  
he was (pust!) again! Morse nuisance noised. He was loose at  
large and (Oh baby!) might be anywhere when a disguised ex-  
nun, of huge standbuild and masculine manners in her fairly fat  
forties, Carpulenta Gygasta, hattracted hattention by harbitrary  
conduct with a homnibus. Aerials buzzed to coastal listeners of  
an oertax bror collector’s budget, fullybigs, sporran, tie, tuft,  
tabard and bloody antichill cloak, its tailor’s (Baernfather’s) tab  
reading V.P.H., found nigh Scaldbrothar’s Hole, and divers  
shivered to think what kaind of beast, wolves, croppis’s or four-  
penny friars, had devoured him. C. W. cast wide. Hvidfinns lyk,  
drohneth svertgleam, Valkir lockt. On his pinksir’s postern, the  
boys had it, at Whitweekend had been nailed an inkedup name  
and title, inscribed in the national cursives, accelerated, regres-  
sive, filiform, turreted and envenomoloped in piggotry: Move  
up. Mumpty! Mike room for Rumpty! By order, Nickekellous  
Plugg; and this go, no pentecostal jest about it, how gregarious  
his race soever or skilful learned wise cunning knowledgable  
clear profound his saying fortitudo fraught or prudentiaproven,  
were he chief, count, general, fieldmarshal, prince, king or Myles  
the Slasher in his person, with a moliamordhar mansion in the  
Breffnian empire and a place of inauguration on the hill of Tully-  
mongan, there had been real murder, of the rayheallach royghal  
raxacraxian variety, the MacMahon chaps, it was, that had done  
him in. On the fidd of Verdor the rampart combatants had left  
him lion with his dexter handcoup wresterected in a pureede  
paumee bloody proper. Indeed not a few thick and thin well-  
wishers, mostly of the clontarfminded class, (Colonel John Bawle  
O’Roarke, fervxamplus), even ventured so far as to loan or beg  
copies of D. Blayncy’s trilingual triweekly, Scatterbrains’ Aften-  
ing Posht, so as to make certain sure onetime and be satisfied of  
their quasicontribusodalitarian’s having become genuinely quite%j%

