format: snippet


%ni%when it’s hatter’s hares, mon, for me, to advance you something  
like four and sevenpence between hopping and trapping which  
you might just as well have, boy baches, to buy J. J. and S. with.  
There was a minute silence before memory’s fire’s rekindling and  
then. Heart alive! Which at very first wind of gay gay and whisk-  
wigs wick’s ears pricked up, the starving gunman, strike him  
pink, became strangely calm and forthright sware by all his lards  
porsenal that the thorntree of sheol might ramify up his Sheo-  
fon to the lux apointlex but he would go good to him suntime  
marx my word fort, for a chip off the old Flint, (in the Nichtian  
glossery which purveys aprioric roots for aposteriorious tongues  
this is nat language at any sinse of the world and one might as  
fairly go and kish his sprogues as fail to certify whether the  
wartrophy eluded at some lives earlier was that somethink like a  
jug, to what, a coctable) and remarxing in languidoily, seemingly  
much more highly pleased than tongue could tell at this opening  
of a lifetime and the foretaste of the Dun Bank pearlmothers  
and the boy to wash down which he would feed to himself in  
the Ruadh Cow at Tallaght and then into the Good Woman at  
Ringsend and after her inat Conway’s Inn at Blackrock and, first  
to fall, cursed be all, where appetite would keenest be, atte,  
funeral fare or fun fain real, Adam and Eve’s in Quantity Street  
by the grace of gamy queen Tailte, her will and testament: You  
stunning little southdowner! I’d know you anywhere, Declaney,  
let me truthfully tell you in or out of the lexinction of life and  
who the hell else, be your blanche patch on the boney part!  
Goalball I’ve struck this daylit dielate night of nights, by golly!  
My hat, you have some bully German grit, sundowner! He  
spud in his faust (axin); he toped the raw best (pardun); he  
poked his pick (a tip is a tap): and he tucked his friend’s leave.And,  
with French hen or the portlifowlium of hastes and leisures, about  
to continue that, the queer mixture exchanged the pax in embrace  
or poghue puxy as practised between brothers of the same breast,  
hillelulia, killelulia, allenalaw, and, having ratified before the  
god of the day their torgantruce which belittlers have schmall-  
kalled the treatyng to cognac, turning his fez menialstrait in the%j%

