format: snippet


%ni%one day while dodging chores that she stripped teasily for binocu-  
lar man and that her jambs were jimpjoyed to see each other, the  
nautchy girly soon found her fruitful hat too small for her and  
rapidly taking time, look, she rapidly took to necking, partying  
and selling her spare favours in the haymow or in lumber closets  
or in the greenawn ad huck (there are certain intimacies in all  
ladies’ lavastories we just lease to imagination) or in the sweet  
churchyard close itself for a bit of soft coal or an array of thin  
trunks, serving whom in fine that same hot coney a la Zingara  
which our own little Graunya of the chilired cheeks dished up  
to the greatsire of Oscar, that son of a Coole. Houri of the coast  
of emerald, arrah of the lacessive poghue, Aslim-all-Muslim, the  
resigned to her surrender, did not she, come leinster’s even, true  
dotter of a dearmud, (her pitch was Forty Steps and his perch old  
Cromwell’s Quarters) with so valkirry a licence as sent many a  
poor pucker packing to perdition, again and again, ay, and again  
sfidare him, tease fido, eh tease fido, eh eh tease fido, toos top-  
ples topple, stop, dug of a dog of a dgiaour, ye! Angealousmei!  
And did not he, like Arcoforty, farfar off Bissavolo, missbrand  
her behaveyous with iridescent huecry of down right mean false  
sop lap sick dope? Tawfulsdreck! A reine of the shee, a shebeen  
quean, a queen of pranks. A kingly man, of royal mien, regally  
robed, exalted be his glory! So gave so take: Now not, not now!  
He would just a min. Suffering trumpet! He thought he want.  
Whath? Hear, O hear, living of the land! Hungreb, dead era,  
hark! He hea, eyes ravenous on her lippling lills. He hear her voi  
of day gon by. He hears! Zay, zay, zay! But, by the beer of his  
profit, he cannot answer. Upterputty till rise and shine! Nor needs  
none shaft ne stele from Phenicia or Little Asia to obelise on  
the spout, neither pobalclock neither folksstone, nor sunkenness  
in Tomar’s Wood to bewray how erpressgangs score off the rued.  
The mouth that tells not will ever attract the unthinking tongue  
and so long as the obseen draws theirs which hear not so long  
till allearth’s dumbnation shall the blind lead the deaf. Tatcho,  
tawney yeeklings! The column of lumps lends the pattrin of the  
leaves behind us. If violence to life, limb and chattels, often as%j%

