format: snippet


%ni%bawl, the copycus’s description of that fellowcommuter’s play  
upon countenants, could simply imagine themselves in their bo-  
som’s inmost core, as *pro tem locums*, timesported acorss the yawn-  
ing (abyss), as once they were seasiders, listening to the cockshy-  
shooter’s evensong evocation of the doomed but always ventri-  
loquent Agitator, (nonot more plangorpound the billows o’er  
Thounawahallya Reef!) silkhouatted, a whallrhosmightiadd, a-  
ginsst the dusk of skumring, (would that fane be Saint Muezzin’s  
calling%—%holy places!%—%and this fez brimless as brow of faithful  
toucher of the ground, did wish it were%—%blessed be the bones!  
%—%the ghazi, power of his sword.) his manslayer’s gunwielder  
protended towards that overgrown leadpencil which was soon,  
monumentally at least, to rise as Molyvdokondylon to, to be, to  
be his mausoleum (O’dan stod tillsteyne at meisies aye skould  
show pon) while olover his exculpatory features, as Roland rung,  
a wee dropeen of grief about to sillonise his jouejous, the ghost  
of resignation diffused a spectral appealingness, as a young man’s  
drown o’er the fate of his waters may gloat, similar in origin and  
akkurat in effective to a beam of sunshine upon a coffin plate.

Not olderwise Inn the days of the Bygning would our Travel-  
ler remote, unfriended, from van Demon’s Land, some lazy  
skald or maundering pote, lift wearywilly his slowcut snobsic  
eyes to the semisigns of his zooteac and lengthily lingering along  
flaskneck, cracket cup, downtrodden brogue, turfsod, wild-  
broom, cabbageblad, stockfisch, longingly learn that there at the  
Angel were herberged for him poteen and tea and praties and  
baccy and wine width woman wordth warbling: and informally  
quasi-begin to presquesm’ile to queasithin’ (Nonsense! There  
was not very much windy Nous blowing at the given moment  
through the hat of Mr Melancholy Slow!)

But in the pragma what formal cause made a smile of that to-  
think? Who was he to whom? (O’Breen’s not his name nor the  
brown one his maid.) Whose are the placewheres? Kiwasti, kis-  
ker, kither, kitnabudja? Tal the tem of the tumulum. Giv the gav  
of the grube. Be it cudgelplayers’ country, orfishfellows’ town or  
leeklickers’ land or panbpanungopovengreskey. What regnans%j%

