format: snippet


%ni%a fin fell. Boomster rombombonant! It scenes like a landescape  
from Wildu Picturescu or some seem on some dimb Arras, dumb  
as Mum’s mutyness, this mimage of the seventyseventh kusin of  
kristansen is odable to os across the wineless Ere no œdor nor  
mere eerie nor liss potent of suggestion than in the tales of the  
tingmount. (Prigged!)

And there oftafter, jauntyjogging, on an Irish visavis, instea-  
dily with shoulder to shoulder Jehu will tell to Christianier, saint  
to sage, the humphriad of that fall and rise while daisy winks at  
her pinker sister among the tussocks and the copoll between the  
shafts mocks the couple on the car. And as your who may look  
like how on the owther side of his big belttry your tyrs and cloes  
your noes and paradigm maymay rererise in eren. Follow we up  
his whip vindicative. Thurston’s! Lo bebold! *La arboro, lo  
petrusu*. The augustan peacebetothem oaks, the monolith rising  
stark from the moonlit pinebarren. In all fortitudinous ajaxious  
rowdinoisy tenuacity. The angelus hour with ditchers bent upon  
their farm usetensiles, the soft belling of the fallow deers (*doereh-  
moose genuane!*) advertising their milky approach as midnight  
was striking the hours (*letate!*), and how brightly the great tri-  
bune outed the sharkskin smokewallet (imitation!) from his  
frock, kippers, and by Joshua, he tips un a topping swank  
cheroot, none of your swellish soide, quoit the reverse, and how  
manfally he says, pluk to pluk and lekan for lukan, he was to just  
pluggy well suck that brown boyo, my son, and spend a whole  
half hour in Havana. Sorer of the kreeksmen, would not thore be  
old high gothsprogue! Wherefore he met Master, he mean to say,  
he do, sire, bester of redpublicans, at Eagle Cock Hostel on  
Lorenzo Tooley street and how he wished his Honour the ban-  
nocks of Gort and Morya and Bri Head and Puddyrick, yore  
Loudship, and a starchboxsitting in the pit of his St Tomach’s,  
%—%a strange wish for you, my friend, and it would poleaxe your  
sonson’s grandson utterly though your own old sweatandswear  
floruerunts heaved it hoch many as the times, when they were  
turrified by the hitz.

Chee chee cheers for Upkingbilly and crow cru cramwells%j%

