format: snippet


%ni%ing in a bytheway that he, the crawsopper, had, in edition to  
Reade’s cutless centiblade, a loaded Hobson’s which left only twin  
alternatives as, viceversa, either he would surely shoot her, the  
aunt, by pistol, (she could be okaysure of that!) or, failing of such,  
bash in Patch’s blank face beyond recognition, pointedly asked  
with gaeilish gall wodkar blizzard’s business Thornton had with  
that Kane’s fender only to be answered by the aggravated  
assaulted that that that was the snaps for him, Midweeks, to sultry  
well go and find out if he was showery well able. But how trans-  
paringly nontrue, gentlewriter! His feet one is not a tall man, not  
at all, man. No such parson. No such fender. No such lumber. No  
such race. Was it supposedly in connection with a girls, Myramy  
Huey or Colores Archer, under Flaggy Bridge (for ann there is  
but one liv and hir newbridge is her old) or to explode his  
twelvechamber and force a shrievalty entrance that the heavybuilt  
Abelbody in a butcherblue blouse from One Life One Suit (a  
men’s wear store), with a most decisive bottle of single in his  
possession, seized after dark by the town guard at Haveyou-  
caught-emerod’s temperance gateway was there in a gate’s way.

Fifthly, how parasoliloquisingly truetoned on his first time of  
hearing the wretch’s statement that, muttering Irish, he had had  
had o’gloriously a’lot too much hanguest or hoshoe fine to  
drink in the House of Blazes, the Parrot in Hell, the Orange Tree,  
the Glibt, the Sun, the Holy Lamb and, lapse not leashed, in  
Ramitdown’s ship hotel since the morning moment he could  
dixtinguish a white thread from a black till the engine of the  
laws declosed unto Murray and was only falling fillthefluthered  
up against the gatestone pier which, with the cow’s bonnet  
a’top o’it, he falsetook for a cattlepillar with purest peaceablest  
intentions. Yet how lamely hobbles the hoy of his then pseudo-  
jocax axplanation how, according to his own story, he vas a  
process server and was merely trying to open zozimus a bottlop  
stoub by mortially hammering his *magnum bonum* (the curter the  
club the sorer the savage) against the bludgey gate for the boots  
about the swan, Maurice Behan, who hastily into his shoes with  
nothing his hald barra tinnteack and came down with homp,%j%

