format: snippet


%ni%shtemp and jumphet to the tiltyard from the wastes a’sleep in his  
obi ohny overclothes or choker, attracted by the norse of guns  
playing Delandy is cartager on the raglar rock to Dulyn, said  
war’ prised safe in bed as he dreamed that he’d wealthes in mor-  
mon halls when wokenp by a fourth loud snore out of his land  
of byelo while hickstrey’s maws was grazing in the moonlight  
by hearing hammering on the pandywhank scale emanating from  
the blind pig and anything like it (oonagh!oonagh!) in the  
whole history of the Mullingcan Inn he never. This battering  
babel allower the door and sideposts, he always said, was not in  
the very remotest like the belzey babble of a bottle of boose  
which would not rouse him out o’ slumber deep but reminded  
him loads more of the martiallawsey marses of foreign musi-  
kants’ instrumongs or the overthrewer to the third last days of  
Pompery, if anything. And that after this most nooningless  
knockturn the young reine came down desperate and the old  
liffopotamus started ploring all over the plains, as mud as she  
cud be, ruinating all the bouchers’ schurts and the backers’  
wischandtugs so that be the chandeleure of the Rejaneyjailey  
they were all night wasching the walters of, the weltering walters  
off. Whyte.

Just one moment. A pinch in time of the ideal, musketeers!  
Alphos, Burkos and Caramis, leave Astrelea for the astrollajerries  
and for the love of the saunces and the honour of Keavens pike  
puddywhackback to Pamintul. And roll away the reel world, the  
reel world, the reel world! And call all your smokeblushes,  
Snowwhite and Rosered, if you will have the real cream! Now for  
a strawberry frolic! Filons, filoosh! *Cherchons la flamme!* Famm-  
famm! Fammfamm!

Come on, ordinary man with that large big nonobli head, and  
that blanko berbecked fischial ekksprezzion Machinsky Scapolo-  
polos, Duzinascu or other. Your machelar’s mutton leg’s getting  
musclebound from being too pulled. Noah Beery weighed stone  
thousand one when Hazel was a hen. Now her fat’s falling fast.  
Therefore, chatbags, why not yours? There are 29 sweet reasons  
why blossomtime’s the best. Elders fall for green almonds when%j%

