format: snippet


%ni%there being no macadamised sidetracks on those old nekropolitan  
nights in, barring a footbatter, Bryant’s Causeway, bordered  
with speedwell, white clover and sorrel a wood knows, which  
left off, being beaten, where the plaintiff was struck, she  
left down, as scavengers, who will be scavengers must, her  
filthdump near the Serpentine in Phornix Park (at her time called  
Finewell’s Keepsacre but later tautaubapptossed Pat’s Purge),  
that dangerfield circling butcherswood where fireworker oh  
flaherty engaged a nutter of castlemallards and ah for archer  
stunned’s turk, all over which fossil footprints, bootmarks,  
fingersigns, elbowdints, breechbowls, a. s. o. were all succes-  
sively traced of a most envolving description. What subtler  
timeplace of the weald than such wolfsbelly castrament to will  
hide a leabhar from Thursmen’s brandihands or a loveletter,  
lostfully hers, that would be lust on Ma, than then when ructions  
ended, than here where race began: and by four hands of fore-  
thought the first babe of reconcilement is laid in its last cradle  
of hume sweet hume. Give over it! And no more of it! So pass  
the pick for child sake! O men!

For hear Allhighest sprack for krischnians as for propagana  
fidies and his nuptial eagles sharped their beaks of prey: and  
every morphyl man of us, pome by pome, falls back into this  
terrine: as it was let it be, says he! And it is as though where  
Agni araflammed and Mithra monished and Shiva slew as maya-  
mutras the obluvial waters of our noarchic memory withdrew,  
windingly goharksome, to some hastyswasty timberman torch-  
priest, flamenfan, the ward of the wind that lightened the fire that  
lay in the wood that Jove bolt, at his rude word. Posidonius  
O’Fluctuary! Lave that bloody stone as it is! What are you  
doing your dirty minx and his big treeblock way up your path?  
Slip around, you, by the rare of the ministers’! And, you, take  
that barrel back where you got it, Mac Shane’s, and go the way  
your old one went, Hatchettsbury Road! And gish! how they  
gushed away, the pennyfares, a whole school for scamper, with  
their sashes flying sish behind them, all the little pirlypettes!  
Issy-la-Chapelle! Any lucans, please?

