format: snippet


%ni%the pure perfection and Leatherbags Reynolds tries your shuffle  
and cut. But as Hopkins and Hopkins puts it, you were the pale  
eggynaggy and a kis to tilly up. We calls him the journeyall  
Buggaloffs since he went Jerusalemfaring in Arssia Manor. You  
had a gamier cock than Pete, Jake or Martin and your archgoose  
of geese stubbled for All Angels’ Day. So may the priest of seven  
worms and scalding tayboil, Papa Vestray, come never anear you  
as your hair grows wheater beside the Liffey that’s in Heaven!  
Hep, hep, hurrah there! Hero! Seven times thereto we salute  
you! The whole bag of kits, falconplumes and jackboots incloted,  
is where you flung them that time. Your heart is in the system  
of the Shewolf and your crested head is in the tropic of Copri-  
capron. Your feet are in the cloister of Virgo. Your olala is in the  
region of sahuls. And that’s ashore as you were born. Your shuck  
tick’s swell. And that there texas is tow linen. The loamsome  
roam to Laffayette is ended. Drop in your tracks, babe! Be not  
unrested! The headboddylwatcher of the chempel of Isid,  
Totumcalmum, saith: I know thee, metherjar, I know thee, sal-  
vation boat. For we have performed upon thee, thou abrama-  
nation, who comest ever without being invoked, whose coming  
is unknown, all the things which the company of the precentors  
and of the grammarians of Christpatrick’s ordered concerning  
thee in the matter of the work of thy tombing. Howe of the ship-  
men, steep wall!

Everything’s going on the same or so it appeals to all of us,  
in the old holmsted here. Coughings all over the sanctuary, bad  
scrant to me aunt Florenza. The horn for breakfast, one o’gong  
for lunch and dinnerchime. As popular as when Belly the First  
was keng and his members met in the Diet of Man. The same  
shop slop in the window. Jacob’s lettercrackers and Dr Tipple’s  
Vi-Cocoa and the Eswuards’ desippated soup beside Mother Sea-  
gull’s syrup. Meat took a drop when Reilly-Parsons failed. Coal’s  
short but we’ve plenty of bog in the yard. And barley’s up again,  
begrained to it. The lads is attending school nessans regular, sir,  
spelling beesknees with hathatansy and turning out tables by  
mudapplication. Allfor the books and never pegging smashers%j%

