format: snippet


%ni%to play cash cash in Novo Nilbud by swamplight nor a’ toole o’  
tall o’ toll and noddy hint to the convaynience.

He dug in and dug out by the skill of his tilth for himself and  
all belonging to him and he sweated his crew beneath his auspice  
for the living and he urned his dread, that dragon volant, and he  
made louse for us and delivered us to boll weevils amain, that  
mighty liberator, Unfru-Chikda-Uru-Wukru and begad he did,  
our ancestor most worshipful, till he thought of a better one in  
his windower’s house with that blushmantle upon him from ears-  
end to earsend. And would again could whispring grassies wake  
him and may again when the fiery bird disembers. And will  
again if so be sooth by elder to his youngers shall be said. Have  
you whines for my wedding, did you bring bride and bedding,  
will you whoop for my deading is a? Wake? *Usgueadbaugham!*

Anam muck an dhoul! Did ye drink me doornail?

Now be aisy, good Mr Finnimore, sir. And take your laysure  
like a god on pension and don’t be walking abroad. Sure you’d  
only lose yourself in Healiopolis now the way your roads in  
Kapelavaster are that winding there after the calvary, the North  
Umbrian and the Fivs Barrow and Waddlings Raid and the  
Bower Moore and wet your feet maybe with the foggy dew’s  
abroad. Meeting some sick old bankrupt or the Cottericks’ donkey  
with his shoe hanging, clankatachankata, or a slut snoring with an  
impure infant on a bench. ’Twould turn you against life, so  
’twould. And the weather’s that mean too. To part from Devlin  
is hard as Nugent knew, to leave the clean tanglesome one lushier  
than its neighbour enfranchisable fields but let your ghost have  
no grievance. You’re better off, sir, where you are, primesigned  
in the full of your dress, bloodeagle waistcoat and all, remember-  
ing your shapes and sizes on the pillow of your babycurls under  
your sycamore by the keld water where the Tory’s clay will scare  
the varmints and have all you want, pouch, gloves, flask, bricket,  
kerchief, ring and amberulla, the whole treasure of the pyre, in the  
land of souls with Homin and Broin Baroke and pole ole Lonan  
and Nobucketnozzler and the Guinnghis Khan. And we’ll be  
coming here, the ombre players, to rake your gravel and bringing%j%

