format: snippet


%ni%by Waterhose’s Meddle Europeic Time, near Stop and Think,  
high chief evervirens and only abfalltree in auld the land) there  
was not as much light from the widowed moon as would dim a  
child’s altar. The mixer, accordingly, was bluntly broached, and  
in the best basel to boot, as to whether he was one of those  
lucky cocks for whom the audible-visible-gnosible-edible world  
existed. That he was only too cognitively conatively cogitabun-  
dantly sure of it because, living, loving, breathing and sleeping  
morphomelosophopancreates, as he most significantly did, when-  
ever he thought he heard he saw he felt he made a bell clipper-  
clipperclipperclipper. Whether he was practically sure too of his  
lugs and truies names in this king and blouseman business? That  
he was pediculously so. Certified? As cad could be. Be lying! Be  
the lonee I will. It was Morbus O’ Somebody? A’Quite. Szer-  
day’s Son? A satyr in weddens. And how did the greeneyed  
mister arrive at the B.A.? That it was like his poll. A cross-  
grained trapper with murty odd oogs, awflorated ares, inquiline  
nase and a twithcherous mouph? He would be. Who could bit  
you att to a tenyerdfuul when aastalled? Ballera jobbera. Some  
majar bore too? Iguines. And with tumblerous legs, redipnomi-  
nated Helmingham Erchenwyne Rutter Egbert Crumwall Odin  
Maximus Esme Saxon Esa Vercingetorix Ethelwulf Rupprecht  
Ydwalla Bentley Osmund Dysart Yggdrasselmann? Holy Saint  
Eiffel, the very phoenix! It was Chudley Magnall once more  
between the deffodates and the dumb scene? The two childspies  
waapreesing him auza de Vologue but the renting of his rock  
was from the three wicked Vuncouverers Forests bent down  
awhits, arthou sure? Yubeti, Cumbilum comes! One of the ox-  
men’s thingabossers, hvad? And had he been refresqued by the  
founts of bounty playing there%—%is%—%a%—%pain%—%aleland in  
Long’s gourgling barral? A loss of Lordedward and a lack of sir-  
philip a surgeonet showeradown could suck more gargling  
bubbles out of the five lamps in Portterand’s praise. Wirrgeling  
and maries? As whose wouldn’t, laving his leaftime in Black-  
pool. But, of course, he could call himself Tem, too, if he had  
time to? You butt he could anytom. When he pleased? Win and%j%

