format: snippet


%ni%him, to live all safeathomely the presenile days of his life of  
opulence, ancient ere decrepitude, late lents last lenience, till  
stuffering stage, whaling away the whole of the while (*hypnos  
chilia eonion!*) lethelulled between explosion and reexplosion  
(Donnaurwatteur! Hunderthunder!) from grosskopp to megapod,  
embalmed, of grand age, rich in death anticipated.

But abide Zeit’s sumonserving, rise afterfall. Blueblitzbolted  
from there, knowing the hingeworms of the hallmirks of habita-  
tionlesness, buried burrowing in Gehinnon, to proliferate through  
all his Unterwealth, seam by seam, sheol om sheol, and revisit  
our Uppercrust Sideria of Utilitarios, the divine one, the hoar-  
der hidden propaguting his plutorpopular progeniem of pots and  
pans and pokers and puns from biddenland to boughtenland, the  
spearway fore the spoorway.

The other spring offensive on the heights of Abraham may  
have come about all quite by accidence, Foughtarundser (for  
Breedabrooda had at length presuaded him to have himself to be  
as septuply buried as the murdered Cian in Finntown), had not  
been three monads in his watery grave (what vigilantes and ridings  
then and spuitwyne pledges with aardappel frittling!) when  
portrifaction, dreyfussed as ever, began to ramp, ramp, ramp, the  
boys are parching. A hoodenwinkle gave the signal and a bless-  
ing paper freed the flood. Why did the patrizien make him scares  
with his gruntens? Because the druiven were muskating at the  
door. From both Celtiberian camps (granting at the onset for the  
sake of argument that men on the two sides in New South Ire-  
land and Vetera Uladh, bluemin and pillfaces, during the ferment  
With the Pope or On the Pope, had, moors or letts, grant ideas,  
grunted) all conditions, poor cons and dives mor, each, of course,  
on the purely doffensive since the eternals were owlwise on their  
side every time, were drawn toowards their Bellona’s Black  
Bottom, once Woolwhite’s Waltz (Ohiboh, how becrimed,  
becursekissed and bedumbtoit!) some for want of proper feeding  
in youth, others already caught in the honourable act of slicing  
careers for family and carvers in conjunction; and, if emaciated  
nough, the person garrotted may have suggested to whomever he%j%

