format: snippet


%ni%the average human cloudyphiz, whereas sallow has long daze  
faded, frequently altered its ego with the possing of the showers  
(Not original!). Whence it is a slopperish matter, given the wet  
and low visibility (since in this scherzarade of one’s thousand one  
nightinesses that sword of certainty which would indentifide the  
body never falls) to idendifine the individuone in scratch wig,  
squarecuts, stock lavaleer, regattable oxeter, baggy pants and  
shufflers (he is often alluded to as Slypatrick, the llad in the llane)  
with already an incipience (lust!) in the direction of area baldness  
(one is continually firstmeeting with odd sorts of others at all  
sorts of ages!) who was asked by free boardschool shirkers in  
drenched coats overawall, Will, Conn and Otto, to tell them  
overagait, Vol, Pov and Dev, that fishabed ghoatstory of the  
haardly creditable edventyres of the Haberdasher, the two Cur-  
chies and the three Enkelchums in their Bearskin ghoats! Girles  
and jongers, but he has changed alok syne Thorkill’s time! Ya, da,  
tra, gathery, pimp, shesses, shossafat, okodeboko, nine! Those  
many warts, those slummy patches, halfsinster wrinkles, (what  
has come over the face on wholebroader E?), and (shrine of  
Mount Mu save us!) the large fungopark he has grown! Drink!

Sport’s a common thing. It was the Lord’s own day for damp  
(to wait for a postponed regatta’s eventualising is not of Battlecock  
Shettledore-Juxta-Mare only) and the request for a fully  
armed explanation was put (in Loo of Pat) to the porty (a native  
of the sisterisle%—%Meathman or Meccan?%—%by his brogue, ex-  
race eyes, lokil calour and lucal odour which are said to have  
been average clownturkish (though the capelist’s voiced nasal  
liquids and the way he sneezed at zees haul us back to the craogs  
and bryns of the Silurian Ordovices) who, the lesser pilgrimage  
accomplished, had made, pats’ and pigs’ older inselt, the south-  
east bluffs of the stranger stepshore, a *regifugium persecutorum*,  
hence hindquarters) as he paused at evenchime for some or so  
minutes (hit the pipe dannyboy! Time to won, barmon. I’ll take  
ten to win.) amid the devil’s one duldrum (Apple by her blossom  
window and Charlotte at her toss panomancy his sole admirers,  
his only tearts in store) for a fragrend culubosh during his week-%j%

