format: snippet


%ni%being grilled, smiled (he had had a onebumper at parting from  
Mrs Molroe in the morning) and stated to his eliciter under his  
morse mustaccents (gobbless!) that he slept with a bonafides and  
that he would be there to remember the filth of November,  
hatinaring, rowdy O, which, with the jiboulees of Juno and the  
dates of ould lanxiety, was going, please the Rainmaker, to  
decembs within the ephemerides of profane history, all one with  
Tournay, Yetstoslay and Temorah, and one thing which would  
pigstickularly strike a person of such sorely tried observational  
powers as Sam, him and Moffat, though theirs not to reason why,  
the striking thing about it was that he was patrified to see, hear,  
taste and smell, as his time of night, how Hyacinth O’Donnell,  
B.A., described in the calendar as a mixer and wordpainter, with  
part of a sivispacem (Gaeltact for dungfork) on the fair green  
at the hour of twenty-four o’clock sought (the bullycassidy of  
the friedhoffer!) to sack, sock, stab and slaughter singlehanded  
another two of the old kings, Gush Mac Gale and Roaring  
O’Crian, Jr., both changelings, unlucalised, of no address and  
in noncommunicables, between him and whom, ever since wal-  
lops before the Mise of Lewes, bad blood existed on the ground  
of the boer’s trespass on the bull or because he firstparted his  
polarbeeber hair in twoways, or because they were creepfoxed  
andt grousuppers over a nippy in a noveletta, or because they  
could not say meace, (mute and daft) meathe. The litigants, he  
said, local congsmen and donalds, kings of the arans and the dalk-  
eys, kings of mud and tory, even the goat king of Killorglin,  
were egged on by their supporters in the shape of betterwomen  
with bowstrung hair of Carrothagenuine ruddiness, waving crim-  
son petties and screaming from Isod’s towertop. There were  
cries from the thicksets in court and from the macdublins on the  
bohernabreen of: Mind the bank from Banagher, Mick, sir! Pro-  
dooce O’Donner. Ay! Exhibit his relics! Bu! Use the tongue  
mor! Give lip less! But it oozed out in Deadman’s Dark Scenery  
Court through crossexanimation of the casehardened testis that  
when and where that knife of knifes the treepartied ambush was  
laid (roughly spouting around half hours ’twixt dusk in dawn,%j%

