format: snippet


%ni%testimony with benefit of clergy. His Thing Mod have undone  
him: and his madthing has done him man. His beneficiaries are  
legion in the part he created: they number up his years. Greatwheel  
Dunlop was the name was on him: behung, all we are his bisaacles.  
As hollyday in his house so was he priest and king to that: ulvy  
came, envy saw, ivy conquered. Lou! Lou! They have waved his  
green boughs o’er him as they have torn him limb from lamb.  
For his muertification and uxpiration and dumnation and annu-  
hulation. With schreis and grida, deprofound souspirs. Steady,  
sullivans! Mannequins pause! Longtong’s breach is fallen down  
but Graunya’s spreed’s abroad. Ahdostay, feedailyones, and feel  
the Flucher’s bawls for the total of your flouts is not fit to fan his  
fettle, O! Have a ring and sing wohl! Chin, chin! Chin, chin!  
And of course all chimed din width the eatmost boviality. Swip-  
ing rums and beaunes and sherries and ciders and negus and cit-  
ronnades too. The strongers. Oho, oho, Mester Begge, you’re  
about to be bagged in the bog again. Bugge. But softsies seuf-  
sighed: Eheu, for gassies! But, lo! lo! by the threnning gods,  
human, erring and condonable, what the statues of our kuo, who  
is the messchef be our kuang, ashu ashure there, the unforgettable  
treeshade looms up behind the jostling judgements of those, as  
all should owe, malrecapturable days.

Tap and pat and tapatagain, (fire firstshot, Missiers the Refusel-  
eers! Peingpeong! For saxonlootie!) three tommix, soldiers free,  
cockaleak and cappapee, of the Coldstream. Guards were walking,  
in (*pardonnez-leur, je vous en prie, eh?*) Montgomery Street. One  
voiced an opinion in which on either wide (*pardonnez!*), nod-  
ding, all the Finner Camps concurred (*je vous en prie, eh?*). It  
was the first woman, they said, souped him, that fatal wellesday,  
Lili Coninghams, by suggesting him they go in a field. Wroth  
mod eldfar, ruth redd stilstand, wrath wrackt wroth, confessed  
private Pat Marchison *retro*. (Terse!) Thus contenters with san-  
toys play. One of our coming Vauxhall ontheboards who is  
resting for the moment (she has been callit by a noted stagey ele-  
cutioner a wastepacket Sittons) was interfeud in a waistend pewty  
parlour. Looking perhaps even more pewtyflushed in her cherry-%j%

