format: snippet


%ni%raised the rains have levelled but we hear the pointers and can  
gauge their compass for the melos yields the mode and the mode  
the manners plicyman, plansiman, plousiman, plab. Tsin tsin tsin  
tsin! The forefarther folkers for a prize of two peaches with  
Ming, Ching and Shunny on the lie low lea. We’ll sit down on  
the hope of the ghouly ghost for the titheman troubleth but his  
hantitat hies not here. They answer from their Zoans; Hear the  
four of them! Hark torroar of them! I, says Armagh, and a’m  
proud o’it. I, says Clonakilty, God help us! I, says Deansgrange,  
and say nothing. I, says Barna, and whatabout it? Hee haw! Be-  
fore he fell hill he filled heaven: a stream, alplapping streamlet,  
coyly coiled um, cool of her curls: We were but thermites then,  
wee, wee. Our antheap we sensed as a Hill of Allen, the Barrow  
for an People, one Jotnursfjaell: and it was a grummelung amung  
the porktroop that wonderstruck us as a thunder, yunder.

Thus the unfacts, did we possess them, are too imprecisely  
few to warrant our certitude, the evidencegivers by legpoll too  
untrustworthily irreperible where his adjugers are semmingly  
freak threes but his judicandees plainly minus twos. Neverthe-  
less Madam’s Toshowus waxes largely more lifeliked (entrance,  
one kudos; exits, free) and our notional gullery is now com-  
pletely complacent, an exegious monument, aerily perennious.  
Oblige with your blackthorns; gamps, degrace! And there many  
have paused before that exposure of him by old Tom Quad, a  
flashback in which he sits sated, gowndabout, in clericalease ha-  
bit, watching bland sol slithe dodgsomely into the nethermore,  
a globule of maugdleness about to corrugitate his mild dewed  
cheek and the tata of a tiny victorienne, Alys, pressed by his  
limper looser.

Yet certes one is. Eher the following winter had overed the  
pages of nature’s book and till Ceadurbar-atta-Cleath became  
Dablena Tertia, the shadow of the huge outlander, maladik, mult-  
vult, magnoperous, had bulked at the bar of a rota of tribunals in  
manor hall as in thieves’ kitchen, mid pillow talk and chithouse  
chat, on Marlborough Green as through Molesworth Fields, here  
sentenced pro tried with Jedburgh justice, there acquitted con-%j%

