format: snippet


%ni%took the ham of, the plain being involved in darkness, low cirque  
waggery, nay, even the first old wugger of himself in the flesh,  
whiggissimus incarnadined, when falsesighted by the ifsuchhewas  
bully on the hill for there had circulated freely fairly among his  
opposition the feeling that in so hibernating Massa Ewacka, who,  
previous to that demidetached life, had been known of barmi-  
cidal days, cook said, between soups and savours, to get outside  
his own length of rainbow trout and taerts atta tarn as no man  
of woman born, nay could, like the great crested brebe, devour  
his threescoreten of roach per lifeday, ay, and as many minnow a  
minute (the big mix, may Gibbet choke him!) was, like the salmon  
of his ladderleap all this time of totality secretly and by suckage  
feeding on his own misplaced fat.

Ladies did not disdain those pagan ironed times of the firs;  
city (called after the ugliest Danadune) when a frond was a friend  
inneed to carry, as earwigs do their dead, their soil to the earth-  
ball where indeeth we shall calm decline, our legacy unknown.  
Venuses were gigglibly temptatrix, vulcans guffawably eruptious  
and the whole wives’ world frockful of fickles. Fact, any human  
inyon you liked any erenoon or efter would take her bare godkin  
out, or an even pair of hem, (lugod! lugodoo!) and prettily pray  
with him (or with em even) everyhe to her taste, long for luck,  
tapette and tape petter and take pettest of all. (Tip!) Wells she’d  
woo and wills she’s win but how the deer knowed where she’d  
marry! Arbour, bucketroom, caravan, ditch? Coach, carriage,  
wheelbarrow, dungcart?

Kate Strong, a widow (Tiptip!)%—%she pulls a lane picture for  
us, in a dreariodreama setting, glowing and very vidual, of old  
dumplan as she nosed it, a homelike cottage of elvanstone with  
droppings of biddies, stinkend pusshies, moggies’ duggies, rotten  
witchawubbles, festering rubbages and beggars’ bullets, if not  
worse, sending salmofarious germs in gleefully through the  
smithereen panes%—%Widow Strong, then, as her weaker had  
turned him to the wall (Tiptiptip!), did most all the scavenging  
from good King Hamlaugh’s gulden dayne though her lean  
besom cleaned but sparingly and her bare statement reads that,%j%

