format: snippet


%ni%he should petrifake suchanevver while the contractors Messrs  
T. A. Birkett and L. O. Tuohalls were made invulnerably vener-  
able) first in the west, our misterbilder, Castlevillainous, openly  
damned and blasted by means of a hydromine, system, Sowan and  
Belting, exploded from a reinvented T.N.T. bombingpost up  
ahoy of eleven and thirty wingrests (*circiter*) to sternbooard out  
of his aerial thorpeto, Auton Dynamon, contacted with the ex-  
pectant minefield by tins of improved ammonia lashed to her  
shieldplated gunwale, and fused into tripupcables, slipping  
through tholse and playing down from the conning tower into  
the ground battery fuseboxes, all differing as clocks from keys  
since nobody appeared to have the same time of beard, some  
saying by their Oorlog it was Sygstryggs to nine, more holding  
with the Ryan vogt it was Dane to pfife. He afterwards whaan-  
ever his blaetther began to fail off him and his rough bark was  
wholly husky and, stoop by stoop, he neared it (wouldmanspare!)  
carefully lined the ferroconcrete result with rotproof bricks and  
mortar, fassed to fossed, and retired beneath the heptarchy of  
his towerettes, the beauchamp, byward, bull and lion, the white,  
the wardrobe and bloodied, so encouraging (insteppen, alls als  
hats beliefd!) additional useful councils public with hoofd off-  
dealings which were welholden of ladykants te huur out such as the  
Breeders’ Union, the Guild of Merchants of the Staple *et*, a.u.c. to  
present unto him with funebral pomp, over and above that, a stone  
slab with the usual Mac Pelah address of velediction, a very fair-  
worded instance of falsemeaning adamelegy: We have done ours  
gohellt with you, Heer Herewhippit, overgiven it, skidoo!

But t’house and allaboardshoops! Show coffins, winding sheets,  
goodbuy bierchepes, cinerary urns, liealoud blasses, snuffchests,  
poteentubbs, lacrimal vases, hoodendoses, reekwaterbeckers,  
breakmiddles, zootzaks for eatlust, including upyourhealthing  
rookworst and meathewersoftened forkenpootsies and for that  
matter, javel also, any kind of inhumationary bric au brac for  
the adornment of his glasstone honophreum, would, met these  
trein of konditiens, naturally follow, halas, in the ordinary course,  
enabling that roundtheworlder wandelingswight, did suches pass%j%

