format: snippet


%ni%blightblack workingstacks at twelvepins a dozen and the noobi-  
busses sleighding along Safetyfirst Street and the derryjellybies  
snooping around Tell-No-Tailors’ Corner and the fumes and the  
hopes and the strupithump of his ville’s indigenous romekeepers,  
homesweepers, domecreepers, thurum and thurum in fancymud  
murumd and all the uproor from all the aufroofs, a roof for may  
and a reef for hugh butt under his bridge suits tony) wan warn-  
ing Phill filt tippling full. His howd feeled heavy, his hoddit did  
shake. (There was a wall of course in erection) Dimb! He stot-  
tered from the latter. Damb! he was dud. Dumb! Mastabatoom,  
mastabadtomm, when a mon merries his lute is all long. For  
whole the world to see.

Shize? I should shee! Macool, Macool, orra whyi deed ye diie?  
of a trying thirstay mournin? Sobs they sighdid at Fillagain’s  
chrissormiss wake, all the hoolivans of the nation, prostrated in  
their consternation and their duodisimally profusive plethora of  
ululation. There was plumbs and grumes and cheriffs and citherers  
and raiders and cinemen too. And the all gianed in with the shout-  
most shoviality. Agog and magog and the round of them agrog.  
To the continuation of that celebration until Hanandhunigan’s  
extermination! Some in kinkin corass, more, kankan keening.  
Belling him up and filling him down. He’s stiff but he’s steady is  
Priam Olim! ’Twas he was the dacent gaylabouring youth. Sharpen  
his pillowscone, tap up his bier! E’erawhere in this whorl would ye  
hear sich a din again? With their deepbrow fundigs and the dusty  
fidelios. They laid him brawdawn alanglast bed. With a bockalips  
of finisky fore his feet. And a barrowload of guenesis hoer his head.  
Tee the tootal of the fluid hang the twoddle of the fuddled, O!

Hurrah, there is but young gleve for the owl globe wheels in  
view which is tautaulogically the same thing. Well, Him a being  
so on the flounder of his bulk like an overgrown babeling, let wee  
peep, see, at Hom, well, see peegee ought he ought, platterplate.  
Hum! From Shopalist to Bailywick or from ashtun to baronoath  
or from Buythebanks to Roundthehead or from the foot of the  
bill to ireglint’s eye he calmly extensolies. And all the way (a  
horn!) from fiord to fjell his baywinds’ oboboes shall wail him%j%

