format: snippet


%ni%a hundred of manhood and a wimmering of weibes. Big went  
the bang: then wildewide was quiet: a report: silence: last Fama  
put it under ether. The noase or the loal had dreven him blem,  
blem, stun blem. Sparks flew. He had fled again (open shun-  
shema!) this country of exile, sloughed off, sidleshomed via the  
subterranean shored with bedboards, stowed away and ankered  
in a dutch bottom tank, the Arsa, *hod* S.S. Finlandia, and was  
even now occupying, under an islamitic newhame in his seventh  
generation, a physical body Cornelius Magrath’s (badoldkarak-  
ter, commonorrong canbung) in Asia Major, where as Turk of  
the theater (first house all flatty: the king, eleven sharps) he had  
bepiastered the buikdanseuses from the opulence of his omni-  
box while as arab at the streetdoor he bepestered the bumbashaws  
for the alms of a para’s pence. Wires hummed. Peacefully general  
astonishment assisted by regrettitude had put a term till his exis-  
tence: he saw the family saggarth, resigned, put off his remain-  
ders, was recalled and scrapheaped by the Maker. Chirpings  
crossed. An infamous private ailment (vulgovarioveneral) had  
claimed endright, closed his vicious circle, snap. Jams jarred.  
He had walked towards the middle of an ornamental lilypond  
when innebriated up to the point where braced shirts meet knic-  
kerbockers, as wangfish daring the buoyant waters, when rod-  
men’s firstaiding hands had rescued un from very possibly several  
feel of demifrish water. Mush spread. On Umbrella Street where  
he did drinks from a pumps a kind workman, Mr Whitlock,  
gave him a piece of wood. What words of power were made fas  
between them, ekenames and auchnomes, *acnomina ecnumina?*  
That, O that, did Hansard tell us, would gar ganz Dub’s ear  
wag in every pub of all the citta! Batty believes a baton while  
Hogan hears a hod yet Heer prefers a punsil shapner and Cope  
and Bull go cup and ball. And the Cassidy%—%Craddock rome  
and reme round e’er a wiege ne’er a waage is still immer and  
immor awagering over it, a cradle with a care in it or a casket  
with a kick behind. Toties testies quoties questies. The war is  
in words and the wood is the world. Maply me, willowy we,  
hickory he and yew yourselves. Howforhim chirrupeth evereach-%j%

