format: snippet


%ni%you presents, won’t we, fenians? And il isn’t our spittle we’ll stint  
you of, is it, druids? Not shabbty little imagettes, pennydirts and  
dodgemyeyes you buy in the soottee stores. But offerings of the  
field. Mieliodories, that Doctor Faherty, the madison man,  
taught to gooden you. Poppypap’s a passport out. And honey is  
the holiest thing ever was, hive, comb and earwax, the food for  
glory, (mind you keep the pot or your nectar cup may yield too  
light!) and some goat’s milk, sir, like the maid used to bring you.  
Your fame is spreading like Basilico’s ointment since the Fintan  
Lalors piped you overborder and there’s whole households be-  
yond the Bothnians and they calling names after you. The men-  
here’s always talking of you sitting around on the pig’s cheeks  
under the sacred rooftree, over the bowls of memory where every  
hollow holds a hallow, with a pledge till the drengs, in the Salmon  
House. And admiring to our supershillelagh where the palmsweat  
on high is the mark of your manument. All the toethpicks ever  
Eirenesians chewed on are chips chepped from that battery  
block. If you were bowed and soild and letdown itself from the  
oner of the load it was that paddyplanters might pack up plenty and  
when you were undone in every point fore the laps of goddesses  
you showed our labourlasses how to free was easy. The game old  
Gunne, they do be saying, (skull!) that was a planter for you, a  
spicer of them all. Begog but he was, the G.O.G! He’s dudd-  
andgunne now and we’re apter finding the sores of his sedeq  
but peace to his great limbs, the buddhoch, with the last league  
long rest of him, while the millioncandled eye of Tuskar sweeps  
the Moylean Main! There was never a warlord in Great Erinnes  
and Brettland, no, nor in all Pike County like you, they say. No,  
nor a king nor an ardking, bung king, sung king or hung king.  
That you could fell an elmstree twelve urchins couldn’t ring  
round and hoist high the stone that Liam failed. Who but a Mac-  
cullaghmore the reise of our fortunes and the faunayman at the  
funeral to compass our cause? If you was hogglebully itself and  
most frifty like you was taken waters still what all where was  
your like to lay the cable or who was the batter could better  
Your Grace? Mick Mac Magnus MacCawley can take you off to%j%

