format: snippet


The older sisars (Tyrants, regicide is too good for you!) be-  
come unbeurrable from age, (the compositor of the farce of  
dustiny however makes a thunpledrum mistake by letting off this  
pienofarte effect as his furst act as that is where the juke comes  
in) having been sort-of-nineknived and chewly removed (this  
soldier - author - batman for all his commontoryism is just  
another of those souftsiezed bubbles who never quite got the  
sandhurst out of his eyes so that the champaign he draws for us  
is as flop as a plankrieg) the twinfreer types are billed to make  
their reupprearance as the knew kneck and knife knickknots on  
the deserted *champ de bouteilles*. (A most cursery reading into the  
Persic-Uraliens hostery shows us how Fonnumagula picked  
up that propper numen out of a colluction of prifixes though  
to the permienting cannasure the Coucousien oafsprung of this  
sun of a kuk is as sattin as there’s a tub in Tobolosk) *Ostiak  
della Vogul Marina!* But that I dannoy the fact of wanton to  
weste point I could paint you to that butter (cheese it!) if you  
had some wash. Mordvealive! Oh me none onsens! Why the  
case is as inessive and impossive as kezom hands! Their inter-  
locative is conprovocative just as every hazzy hates to having a  
hazbane in her noze. Caseous may bethink himself a thought of  
a caviller but Burrus has the reachly roundered head that goes  
best with thofthinking defensive fideism. He has the lac of wis-  
dom under every dent in his lofter while the other follow’s  
onni vesy milky indeedmymy. Laughing over the linnuts and  
weeping off the uniun. He hisn’t the hey og he lisn’t the lug,  
poohoo. And each night sim misses mand he winks he had the  
semagen. It was aptly and corrigidly stated (and, it is royally  
needless for one *ex ungue Leonem* to say by whom) that his  
seeingscraft was that clarety as were the wholeborough of Poutres-  
bourg to be averlaunched over him pitchbatch he could still make  
out with his augstritch the green moat in Ireland’s Eye. Let me  
sell you the fulltroth of Burrus when he wore a younker. Here  
it is, and chorming too, in six by sevens! A cleanly line, by the  
gods! A king off duty and a jaw for ever! And what a cheery  
ripe outlook, good help me Deus v Deus! If I were to speak%j%

