format: snippet


%ni%whisping? Is it not divinely deluscious? But in’t it bafforyou?  
*Misi misi!* Tell me till my thrillme comes! I will not break the  
seal. I am enjoying it still, I swear I am! Why do you prefer its  
in these dark nets, if why may ask, my sweetykins? Sh sh! Long-  
ears is flying. No, sweetissest, why would that ennoy me? But  
don’t! You want to be slap well slapped for that. Your delighted  
lips, love, be careful! Mind my duvetyne dress above all! It’s  
golded silvy, the newest sextones with princess effect. For Rut-  
land blue’s got out of passion. So, so, my precious! O, I can see  
the cost, chare! Don’t tell me! Why, the boy in sheeps’ lane  
knows that. If I sell whose, dears? Was I sold here’ tears? You  
mean those conversation lozenges? How awful! The bold shame  
of me! I wouldn’t, chickens, not for all the juliettes in the twinkly  
way! I could snap them when I see them winking at me in bed.  
I didn’t did so, my intended, or was going to or thinking of.  
Shshsh! Don’t start like that, you wretch! I thought ye knew all  
and more, ye aucthor, to explique to ones the significat of their  
exsystems with your nieu nivulon lead. It’s only another queer  
fish or other in Brinbrou’s damned old trouchorous river again,  
Gothewishegoths bless us and spare her! And gibos rest from the  
bosso! Excuse me for swearing, love, I swear to the sorrasims on  
their trons of Uian I didn’t mean to by this alpin armlet! Did you  
really never in all our cantalang lives speak clothse to a girl’s  
before? No! Not even to the charmermaid? How marfellows!  
Of course I believe you, my own dear doting liest, when you  
tell me. As I’d live to, O, I’d love to! Liss, liss! I muss whiss!  
Never that ever or I can remember dearstreaming faces, you may  
go through me! Never in all my whole white life of my match-  
less and pair. Or ever for bitter be the frucht of this hour! With  
my whiteness I thee woo and bind my silk breasths I thee bound!  
Always, Amory, amor andmore! Till always, thou lovest!  
Shshshsh! So long as the lucksmith. Laughs!

11. If you met on the binge a poor acheseyeld from Ailing,  
when the tune of his tremble shook shimmy on shin, while his  
countrary raged in the weak of his wailing, like a rugilant pugi-  
lant Lyon O’Lynn; if he maundered in misliness, plaining his%j%

