format: snippet


%ni%as my ownhouse and microbemost cosm when I am reassured by  
ratio that the cube of my volumes is to the surfaces of their sub-  
jects as the sphericity of these globes (I am very pressing for a  
parliamentary motion this term which, under my guidance, would  
establish the deleteriousness of decorousness in the morbidis-  
ation of the modern mandaboutwoman type) is to the fera-  
city of Fairynelly’s vacuum. I need not anthrapologise for any  
obintentional (I must here correct all that school of neoitalian or  
paleoparisien schola of tinkers and spanglers who say I’m wrong  
*parcequeue* out of revolscian from romanitis I want to be) down-  
trodding on my foes. Professor Levi-Brullo, F.D. of Sexe-  
Weiman-Eitelnaky finds, from experiments made by hinn with  
his Nuremberg eggs in the one hands and the watches cunldron  
apan the oven, though it is astensably a case of Ket’s rebollions  
cooling the Popes back, because the number of squeer faiths  
in weekly circulation will not be appreciably augmented by the  
notherslogging of my cupolar clods. What the romantic in rags  
pines after like all tomtompions haunting crevices for a deadbeat  
escupement and what het importunes our *Mitleid* for in accornish  
with the Mortadarthella taradition is the poorest commonon-  
guardiant waste of time. *His* everpresent toes are always in  
retaliessian out throuth his overpast boots. Hear him squak!  
Teek heet to that looswallawer how he bolo the bat! Tyro a  
toray! *When* Mullocky won the couple of colds, *when* we were  
stripping in number three, I would like the neat drop that would  
malt in my mouth but I fail to see *when* (I am purposely refrain-  
ing from expounding the obvious fallacy as to the specific  
gravitates of the two deglutables implied nor to the lapses  
lequou asousiated with the royal gorge through students of  
mixed hydrostatics and pneumodipsics will after some difficulties  
grapple away with my meinungs). Myrrdin aloer! as old Mar-  
sellas Cambriannus puts his. But, on Professor Llewellys ap  
Bryllars, F.D., Ph. Dr’s showings, the plea, if he pleads,  
is all posh and robbage on a melodeontic scale since his man’s  
when is no otherman’s *quandour* (Mine, dank you?) while, for  
aught I care for the contrary, the all is *where* in love as war and%j%

