format: snippet


%ni%debths in that mormon’s thames, be questing and handsetl, hop,  
step and a deepend, with his berths in their toiling moil, his swal-  
lower open from swolf to fore and the snipes of the gutter pecking  
his crocs, hungerstriking all alone and holding doomsdag over  
hunselv, dreeing his weird, with his dander up, and his fringe  
combed over his eygs and droming on loft till the sight of the  
sternes, after zwarthy kowse and weedy broeks and the tits of  
buddy and the loits of pest and to peer was Parish worth thette  
mess. You’d think all was dodo belonging to him how he durmed  
adranse in durance vaal. He had been belching for severn years.  
And there she was, Anna Livia, she darent catch a winkle of  
sleep, purling around like a chit of a child, Wendawanda, a finger-  
thick, in a Lapsummer skirt and damazon cheeks, for to ishim  
bonzour to her dear dubber Dan. With neuphraties and sault  
from his maggias. And an odd time she’d cook him up blooms  
of fisk and lay to his heartsfoot her meddery eygs, yayis, and  
staynish beacons on toasc and a cupenhave so weeshywashy of  
Greenland’s tay or a dzoupgan of Kaffue mokau an sable or  
Sikiang sukry or his ale of ferns in trueart pewter and a shin-  
kobread (hamjambo, bana?) for to plaise that man hog stay his  
stomicker till her pyrraknees shrunk to nutmeg graters while her  
togglejoints shuck with goyt and as rash as she’d russ with her  
peakload of vivers up on her sieve (metauwero rage it swales and  
rieses) my hardey Hek he’d kast them frome him, with a stour  
of scorn, as much as to say you sow and you sozh, and if he didn’t  
peg the platteau on her tawe, believe you me, she was safe  
enough. And then she’d esk to vistule a hymn, *The Heart Bowed  
Down* or *The Rakes of Mallow* or Chelli Michele’s *La Calumnia è  
un Vermicelli* or a balfy bit ov *old Jo Robidson*. Sucho fuffing a  
fifeing ’twould cut you in two! She’d bate the hen that crowed  
on the turrace of Babbel. What harm if she knew how to cockle  
her mouth! And not a mag out of Hum no more than out of the  
mangle weight. Is that a faith? That’s the fact. Then riding the  
ricka and roya romanche, Annona, gebroren aroostokrat Nivia,  
dochter of Sense and Art, with Sparks’ pirryphlickathims funk-  
ling her fan, anner frostivying tresses dasht with virevlies,%—%%j%

