format: snippet


%ni%*White So ts My Washing Done by Night, First and Last Only  
True Account au about the Honorary Mirsu Earwicker, L.S.D.,  
and the Snake (Nuggets!) by a Woman of the World who only can  
Tell Naked Truths about a Dear Man and all his Conspirators how  
they all Tried to Fall him Putting it all around Lucalizod about  
Privates Earwicker and a Pair of Sloppy Sluts plainly Showing all  
the Unmentionability falsely Accusing about the Raincoats.*

The proteiform graph itself is a polyhedron of scripture.  
There was a time when naif alphabetters would have written it  
down the tracing of a purely deliquescent recidivist, possibly  
ambidextrous, snubnosed probably and presenting a strangely  
profound rainbowl in his (or her) occiput. To the hardily curio-  
sing entomophilust then it has shown a very sexmosaic of nym-  
phosis in which the eternal chimerahunter Oriolopos, now frond  
of sugars, then lief of saults, the sensory crowd in his belly  
coupled with an eye for the goods trooth bewilderblissed by  
their night effluvia with guns like drums and fondlers like forceps  
persequestellates his vanessas from flore to flore. Somehows this  
sounds like the purest kidooleyoon wherein our madernacerution  
of lour lore is rich. All’s so herou from us him in a kitchernott  
darkness, by hasard and worn rolls arered, we must grope on till  
Zerogh hour like pou owl giaours as we are would we salve aught  
of moments for our aysore today. Amousin though not but. Closer  
inspection of the *bordereau* would reveal a multiplicity of person-  
alities inflicted on the documents or document and some prevision  
of virtual crime or crimes might be made by anyone unwary  
enough before any suitable occasion for it or them had so far  
managed to happen along. In fact, under the closed eyes of the in-  
spectors the traits featuring the *chiaroscuro* coalesce, their con-  
trarieties eliminated, in one stable somebody similarly as by the  
providential warring of heartshaker with housebreaker and of  
dramdrinker against freethinker our social something bowls along  
bumpily, experiencing a jolting series of prearranged disappoint-  
ments, down the long lane of (it’s as semper as oxhousehumper!)  
generations, more generations and still more generations.

Say, baroun lousadoor, who in hallhagal wrote the durn thing%j%

