format: snippet


%ni%self with an elusive Antonius, a wop who would appear to hug  
a personal interest in refined chees of all chades at the same time  
as he wags an antomine art of being rude like the boor. This  
Antonius-Burrus-Caseous grouptriad may be said to equate  
the *qualis* equivalent with the older socalled *talis* on *talis* one  
just as quantly as in the hyperchemical economantarchy the tan-  
tum ergons irruminate the quantum urge so that eggs is to whey  
as whay is to zeed like your golfchild’s abe boob caddy. And this  
is why any simple philadolphus of a fool you like to dress, an  
athemisthued lowtownian, exlegged phatrisight, may be awfully  
green to one side of him and fruitfully blue on the other which  
will not screen him however from appealing to my gropesarch-  
ing eyes, through the strongholes of my acropoll, as a boosted  
blasted bleating blatant bloaten blasphorus blesphorous idiot  
who kennot tail a bomb from a painapple when he steals one  
and wannot psing his psalmen with the cong in our gregational  
pompoms with the canting crew.

No! Topsman to your Tarpeia! This thing, Mister Abby, is  
nefand. (And, taking off soutstuffs and alkalike matters, I hope  
we can kill time to reach the salt because there’s some forceglass  
neutric assets bittering in the soldpewter for you to plump your  
pottage in). The thundering legion has stormed Olymp that  
it end. Twelve tabular times till now have I edicted it. Merus  
Genius to Careous Caseous! *Moriture, te salutat!* My phemous  
themis race is run, so let Demoncracy take the highmost! (Abra-  
ham Tripier. Those old diligences are quite out of date. Read  
next answer). I’ll beat you so lon. (Bigtempered. Why not take  
direct action. See previous reply). My unchanging Word is sacred.  
The word is my Wife, to exponse and expound, to vend and to  
velnerate, and may the curlews crown our nuptias! Till Breath  
us depart! Wamen. Beware would you change with my years. Be  
as young as your grandmother! The ring man in the rong shop  
but the rite words by the rote order! *Ubi lingua nuncupassit, ibi  
fas! Adversus hostem semper sac!* She that will not feel my ful-  
moon let her peel to thee as the hoyden and the impudent! That  
mon that hoth no moses in his sole nor is not awed by conquists%j%

