format: snippet


%ni%his limb) though my corked father was bott a pseudowaiter,  
whose o’cloak you ware.

Incredible! Well, hear the inevitable.
%—%*Your* temple, *sus in cribro!* Semperexcommunicambiambi-  
sumers. Tugurios-in-Newrobe or Tukurias-in-Ashies. Novar-  
ome, my creature, blievend bleives. My building space in lyonine  
city is always to let to leonlike Men, the Mookse in a most con-  
sistorous allocution pompifically with immediate jurisdiction  
constantinently concludded (what a crammer for the shape-  
wrucked Gripes!). And I regret to proclaim that it is out of my  
temporal to help you from being killed by inchies, (what a  
thrust!), as we first met each other newwhere so airly. (Poor  
little sowsieved subsquashed Gripes! I begin to feel contemption  
for him!). My side, thank decretals, is as safe as motherour’s  
houses, he continued, and I can seen from my holeydome what  
it is to be wholly sane. Unionjok and be joined to yok! Parysis,  
tu sais, crucycrooks, belongs to him who parises himself. And  
there I must leave you subject for the pressing. I can prove that  
against you, weight a momentum, mein goot enemy! or Cos-  
pol’s not our star. I bet you this dozen odd. This foluminous  
dozen odd. *Quas primas*%—%but ’tis bitter to compote my know-  
ledge’s fructos of. Tomes.

Elevating, to give peint to his blick, his jewelled pederect to  
the allmysty cielung, he luckystruck blueild out of a few should-  
be santillants, a cloister of starabouts over Maples, a lucciolys in  
Teresa street and a stopsign before Sophy Barratt’s, he gaddered  
togodder the odds docence of his vellumes, gresk, letton and  
russicruxian, onto the lapse of his prolegs, into umfullth one-  
scuppered, and sat about his widerproof He proved it well who-  
onearth dry and drysick times, and *vremiament*, *tu cesses*, to the  
extinction of Niklaus altogether (Niklaus Alopysius having been  
the once Gripes’s popwilled nimbum) by Neuclidius and In-  
exagoras and Mumfsen and Thumpsem, by Orasmus and by  
Amenius, by Anacletus the Jew and by Malachy the Augurer and  
by the Cappon’s collection and after that, with Cheekee’s gela-  
tine and Alldaybrandy’s formolon, he reproved it ehrltogether%j%

