format: snippet


%ni%hose hol’d home, yeth cometh elope year, coach and four, Sweet  
Peck-at-my-Heart picks one man more.

9. Now, to be on anew and basking again in the panaroma of  
all flores of speech, if a human being duly fatigued by his dayety  
in the sooty, having plenxty off time on his gouty hands and va-  
cants of space at his sleepish feet and as hapless behind the dreams  
of accuracy as any camelot prince of dinmurk, were at this auc-  
tual futule preteriting unstant, in the states of suspensive exani-  
mation, accorded, throughout the eye of a noodle, with an ear-  
sighted view of old hopeinhaven with all the ingredient and  
egregiunt whights and ways to which in the curse of his persis-  
tence the course of his tory will had been having recourses, the  
reverberration of knotcracking awes, the reconjungation of  
nodebinding ayes, the redissolusingness of.mindmouldered ease  
and the thereby hang of the Hoel of it, could such a none, whiles  
even led comesilencers to comeliewithhers and till intempes-  
tuous Nox should catch the gallicry and spot lucan’s dawn, by-  
hold at ones what is main and why tis twain, how one once  
meet melts in tother wants poignings, the sap rising, the foles  
falling, the nimb now nihilant round the girlyhead so becoming,  
the wrestless in the womb, all the rivals to allsea, shakeagain, O  
disaster! shakealose, Ah how starring! but Heng’s got a bit  
of Horsa’s nose and Jeff’s got the signs of Ham round his  
mouth and the beau that spun beautiful pales as it palls, what  
roserude and oragious grows gelb and greem, blue out the ind of  
it! Violet’s dyed! then *what* would that fargazer seem to seemself  
to seem seeming of, dimm it all?

Answer: A collideorscape!

10. What bitter’s love but yurning, what’ sour lovemutch but  
a bref burning till shee that drawes dothe smoake retourne?

Answer: I know, pepette, of course, dear, but listen, precious!  
Thanks, pette, those are lovely, pitounette, delicious! But mind  
the wind, sweet! What exquisite hands you have, you angiol, if  
you didn’t gnaw your nails, isn’t it a wonder you’re not achamed  
of me, you pig, you perfect little pigaleen! I’ll nudge you in a  
minute! I bet you use her best Perisian smear off her vanity table%j%

