format: snippet


Here let a few artifacts fend in their own favour. The river felt  
she wanted salt. That was just where Brien came in. The country  
asked for bearspaw for dindin! And boundin aboundin it got it  
surly. We who live under heaven, we of the clovery kingdom,  
we middlesins people have often watched the sky overreaching  
the land. We suddenly have. Our isle is Sainge. The place. That  
stern chuckler Mayhappy Mayhapnot, once said to repeation  
in that lutran conservatory way of his that Isitachapel-Asitalukin  
was the one place, *ult aut nult*, in this madh vaal of tares (whose  
verdhure’s yellowed therever Phaiton parks his car while its  
tamelised tay is the drame of Drainophilias) where the possible  
was the improbable and the improbable the inevitable. If the pro-  
verbial bishop of our holy and undivided with this me ken or no  
me ken Zot is the Quiztune havvermashed had his twoe nails  
on the head we are in for a sequentiality of improbable possibles  
though possibly nobody after having grubbed up a lock of cwold  
cworn aboove his subject probably in Harrystotalies or the vivle  
will go out of his way to applaud him on the onboiassed back of  
his remark for utterly impossible as are all these events they are  
probably as like those which may have taken place as any others  
which never took person at all are ever likely to be. Ahahn!

About that original hen. Midwinter (fruur or kuur?) was in the  
offing and Premver a promise of a pril when, as kischabrigies sang  
life’s old sahatsong, an iceclad shiverer, merest of bantlings ob-  
served a cold fowl behaviourising strangely on that fatal midden  
or chip factory or comicalbottomed copsjute (dump for short)  
afterwards changed into the orangery when in the course of  
deeper demolition unexpectedly one bushman’s holiday its limon  
threw up a few spontaneous fragments of orangepeel, the last  
remains of an outdoor meal by some unknown sunseeker or place-  
hider illico way back in his mistridden past. What child of a strand-  
looper but keepy little Kevin in the despondful surrounding of  
such sneezing cold would ever have trouved up on a strate that  
was called strete a motive for future saintity by euchring the  
finding of the Ardagh chalice by another heily innocent and  
beachwalker whilst trying with pious clamour to wheedle Tip-%j%

