format: snippet


%ni%me there and then cease to be? Whatever for, blossoms?) Your  
hairmejig if you had one. If I am laughing with you? No,  
lovingest, I’m not so dying to take my rise out of you, adored.  
Not in the very least. True as God made my Mamaw hiplength  
modesty coatmawther! It’s only because the rison is I’m only any  
girl, you lovely fellow of my dreams, and because old somebooby  
is not a roundabout, my trysting of the tulipies, like that puff  
pape bucking Daveran assoiling us behinds. What a nerve!  
He thinks that’s what the vesprey’s for. How vain’s that hope in  
cleric’s heart Who still pursues th’adult’ rous art, Cocksure that  
rusty gown of his Will make fair Sue forget his phiz! Tame  
Schwipps. Blessed Marguerite bosses, I hope they threw away  
the mould or else we’ll have Ballshossers and Sourdamapplers  
with their medical assassiations all over the place. But hold hard  
till I’ve got my latchkey vote and I’ll teach him when to wear  
what woman callours. On account of the gloss of the gleison  
Hasaboobrawbees isabeaubel. And because, you pluckless lanka-  
loot, I hate the very thought of the thought of you and because,  
dearling, of course, adorest, I was always meant for an engin-  
dear from the French college, to be musband, *nomme d’engien*,  
when we do and contract with encho tencho solver when you  
are married to reading and writing which pleasebusiness now  
won’t be long for he’s so loopy on me and I’m so leapy like  
since the day he carried me from the boat, my saviored of eroes,  
to the beach and I left on his shoulder one fair hair to guide hand  
and mind to its softness. Ever so sorry! I beg your pardon, I was  
listening to every treasuried word I said fell from my dear mot’s  
tongue otherwise how could I see what you were thinking of  
our granny? Only I wondered if I threw out my shaving water.  
Anyway, here’s my arm, pulletneck. Gracefully yours. Move your  
mouth towards minth, more, preciousest, more on more! To  
please me, treasure. Don’t be a, I’m not going to! Sh! nothing!  
A cricri somewhere! Buybuy! I’m fly! Hear, pippy, under the  
limes. You know bigtree are all against gravstone. They hisshis-  
tenency. Garnd ond mand! So chip chirp chirrup, cigolo, for the  
lug of Migo! The little passdoor, I go you before, so, and you’re%j%

