format: snippet


%ni%at my apron stage. Shy is him, dovey? Musforget there’s an  
audience. I have been lost, angel. Cuddle, ye divil ye! It’s our  
toot-a-toot. Hearhere! Sensation! Let them, their whole four  
courtships! Let them, Bigbawl and his boosers’ eleven makes  
twelve territorials. The Old Sot’s Hole that wants wide streets to  
commission their noisense in, at the Mitchells *v*. Nicholls. *Aves  
Selvae Acquae Valles!* And my waiting twenty classbirds, sitting  
on their stiles! Let me finger their eurhythmytic. And you’ll see  
if I’m selfthought. They’re all of them out to please. Wait! In  
the name of. And all the holly. And some the mistle and it Saint  
Yves. Hoost! Ahem! There’s Ada, Bett, Celia, Delia, Ena,  
Fretta, Gilda, Hilda, Ita, Jess, Katty, Lou, (they make me cough  
as sure as I read them) Mina, Nippa, Opsy, Poll, Queeniee, Ruth,  
Saucy, Trix, Una, Vela, Wanda, Xenia, Yva, Zulma, Phoebe,  
Thelma. And Mee! The reformatory boys is goaling in for the  
church so we’ve all comefeast like the groupsuppers and caught  
lipsolution from Anty Pravidance under penancies for myrtle  
sins. When their bride was married all my belles began ti ting.  
A ring a ring a rosaring! Then everyone will hear of it. Whoses  
wishes is the farther to my thoughts. But I’ll plant them a poser  
for their nomanclatter. When they’re out with the daynurse  
doing Chaperon Mall. Bright pigeons all over the whirrld will  
fly with my mistletoe message round their loveribboned necks  
and d crumb of my cake for each chasta dieva. We keeps all and  
sundry papers. In th’ amourlight, O my darling! No, I swear to  
you by Fibsburrow churchdome and Sainte Andrée’s Under-  
shift, by all I hold secret from my world and in my underworld  
of nighties and naughties and all the other wonderwearlds!  
Close your, notmust look! Now open, pet, your lips, pepette,  
like I used my sweet parted lipsabuss with Dan Holohan of  
facetious memory taught me after the flannel dance, with the  
proof of love, up Smock Alley the first night he smelled pouder  
and I coloured beneath my fan, *pipetta mia*, when you learned  
me the linguo to melt. Whowham would have ears like ours,  
the blackhaired! Do you like that, *silenzioso?* Are you enjoying,  
this same little me, my life, my love? Why do you like my%j%

