format: snippet


%ni%of nature set a veiled world agrin and went within a sheet of  
tissuepaper of the option of three gaols; who could see at one  
blick a saumon taken with a lance, hunters pursuing a doe, a  
swallowship in full sail, a whyterobe lifting a host; faced flappery  
like old King Cnut and turned his back like Cincinnatus; is a  
farfar and morefar and a hoar father Nakedbucker in villas old as  
new; squats aquart and cracks aquaint when it’s flaggin in town  
and on haven; blows whiskery around his summit but stehts  
stout upon his footles; stutters fore he falls and goes mad entirely  
when he’s waked; is Timb to the pearly mom and Tomb to the  
mourning night; and an he had the best bunbaked bricks in bould  
Babylon for his pitching plays he’d be lost for the want of his  
wan wubblin wall?

Answer: Finn MacCool!

2. Does your mutter know your mike?

Answer: When I tum meoptics, from suchurban prospects,  
’tis my filial’s bosom, doth behold with pride, that pontificator,  
and circumvallator, with his dam night garrulous, slipt by his  
side. Ann alive, the lisp of her, ’twould grig mountains whisper  
her, and the bergs of Iceland melt in waves of fire, and her spoon-  
me-spondees, and her dirckle-me-ondenees, make the Rageous  
Ossean, kneel and quaff a lyre! If Dann’s dane, Ann’s dirty, if  
he’s plane she’s purty, if he’s fane, she’s flirty, with her auburnt  
streams, and her coy cajoleries, and her dabblin drolleries, for to  
rouse his rudderup, or to drench his dreams. If hot Hammurabi,  
or cowld Clesiastes, could espy her pranklings, they’d burst  
bounds agin, and renounce their ruings, and denounce their do-  
ings, for river and iver, and a night. Amin!

3. Which title is the true-to-type motto-in-lieu for that Tick  
for Teac thatchment painted witt wheth one darkness, where  
asnake is under clover and birds aprowl are in the rookeries and  
a magda went to monkishouse and a riverpaard was spotted,  
which is not Whichcroft Whorort not Ousterholm Dreyschluss  
not Haraldsby, grocer, not Vatandcan, vintner, not Houseboat  
and Hive not Knox-atta-Belle not O’Faynix Coalprince not  
Wohn Squarr Roomyeck not Ebblawn Downes not Le Decer%j%

