format: snippet


%ni%sense? would we now for annas and annas? would we for full-  
score eight and a liretta? for twelve blocks one bob? for four tes-  
ters one groat? not for a dinar! not for jo!) dictited to of all his  
little brothron and sweestureens the first riddle of the universe:  
asking, when is a man not a man?: telling them take their time,  
yungfries, and wait till the tide stops (for from the first his day  
was a fortnight) and offering the prize of a bittersweet crab, a  
little present from the past, for their copper age was yet un-  
minted, to the winner. One said when the heavens are quakers,  
a second said when Bohemeand lips, a third said when he, no,  
when hold hard a jiffy, when he is a gnawstick and detarmined  
to, the next one said when the angel of death kicks the bucket  
of life, still another said when the wine’s at witsends, and still  
another when lovely wooman stoops to conk him, one of the  
littliest said me, me, Sem, when pappa papared the harbour, one  
of the wittiest said, when he yeat ye abblokooken and he zmear  
hezelf zo zhooken, still one said when you are old I’m grey fall  
full wi sleep, and still another when wee deader walkner, and  
another when he is just only after having being semisized, an-  
other when yea, he hath no mananas, and one when dose pigs  
they begin now that they will flies up intil the looft. All were  
wrong, so Shem himself, the doctator, took the cake, the correct  
solution being%—%all give it up?%—%; when he is a%—%yours till  
the rending of the rocks,%—%Sham.

Shem was a sham and a low sham and his lowness creeped out  
first via foodstuffs. So low was he that he preferred Gibsen’s tea-  
time salmon tinned, as inexpensive as pleasing, to the plumpest  
roeheavy lax or the friskiest parr or smolt troutlet that ever was  
gaffed between Leixlip and Island Bridge and many was the time  
he repeated in his botulism that no junglegrown pineapple ever  
smacked like the whoppers you shook out of Ananias’ cans,  
Findlater and Gladstone’s, Corner House, Englend. None of  
your inchthick blueblooded Balaclava fried-at-belief-stakes or  
juicejelly legs of the Grex’s molten mutton or greasilygristly  
grunters’ goupons or slice upon slab of luscious goosebosom  
with lump after load of plumpudding stuffing all aswim in a%j%

