format: snippet


%ni%beetly dead whether by land whither by water. Transocean  
atalaclamoured him; The latter! The latter! Shall their hope then  
be silent or Macfarlane lack of lamentation? He lay under leagues  
of it in deep Bartholoman’s Deep.

Achdung! Pozor! Attenshune! Vikeroy Besights Smucky  
Yung Pigeschoolies. Tri Paisdinernes Eventyr Med Lochlanner  
Fathach I Fiounnisgehaven. Bannalanna Bangs Ballyhooly Out  
Of Her Buddaree Of A Bullavogue.

But, their bright little contemporaries notwithstanding, on  
the morrowing morn of the suicidal murder of the unrescued ex-  
patriate, aslike as asnake comes sliduant down that oaktree onto  
the duke of beavers, (you may have seen some liquidamber exude  
exotic from a balsam poplar at Parteen-a-lax Limestone. Road  
and cried Abies Magnifica! not, noble fir?) a quarter of nine,  
imploring his resipiency, saw the infallible spike of smoke’s jutstiff  
punctual from the seventh gable of our Quintus Centimachus’  
porphyroid buttertower and then thirsty p.m. with oaths upon  
his lastingness (*En caecos harauspices! Annos longos patimur!*) the  
lamps of maintenance, beaconsfarafield innerhalf the zuggurat, all  
brevetnamed, the wasting wyvern, the tawny of his mane, the  
swinglowswaying bluepaw, the outstanding man, the lolllike lady,  
being litten for the long (O land, how long!) lifesnight, with  
suffusion of fineglass transom and leadlight panes.

Wherefore let it hardly by any being thinking be said either or  
thought that the prisoner of that sacred edifice, were he an Ivor  
the Boneless or an Olaf the Hide, was at his best a onestone par-  
able, a rude breathing on the void of to be, a venter hearing his  
own bauchspeech in backwords, or, more strictly, but tristurned  
initials, the cluekey to a worldroom beyond the roomwhorld, for  
scarce one, or pathetically few of his dode canal sammenlivers  
cared seriously or for long to doubt with Kurt Iuld van Dijke  
(the gravitational pull perceived by certain fixed residents and  
the capture of uncertain comets chancedrifting through our sys-  
tem suggesting an authenticitatem of his aliquitudinis) the canoni-  
city of his existence as a tesseract. Be still, O quick! Speak him  
dumb! Hush ye fronds of Ulma!

