format: snippet


%ni%ages. Thief us the night, steal we the air, shawl thiner liefest,  
mine! Here, Ohere, insult the fair! Traitor, bad hearer, brave!  
The lightning look, the birding cry, awe from the grave, ever-  
flowing on the times. Feueragusaria iordenwater; now godsun  
shine on menday’s daughter; a good clap, a fore marriage, a bad  
wake, tell hell’s well; such is manowife’s lot of lose and win again,  
like he’s gruen quhiskers on who’s chin again, she plucketed them  
out but they grown in again. So what are you going to do about  
it? O dear!

If juness she saved! Ah ho! And if yulone he pouved! The ol-  
old stoliolum! From quiqui quinet to michemiche chelet and a  
jambebatiste to a brulobrulo! It is told in sounds in utter that, in  
signs so adds to, in universal, in polygluttural, in each auxiliary  
neutral idiom, sordomutics, florilingua, sheltafocal, flayflutter, a  
con’s cubane, a pro’s tutute, strassarab, ereperse and anythongue  
athall. Since nozzy Nanette tripped palmyways with Highho  
Harry there’s a spurtfire turf a’kind o’kindling when oft as the  
souffsouff blows her peaties up and a claypot wet for thee, my  
Sitys, and talkatalka tell Tibbs has eve: and whathough (revilous  
life proving aye the death of ronaldses when winpower wine has  
bucked the kick on poor won man) billiousness has been billious-  
ness during milliums of millenions and our mixed racings have  
been giving two hoots or three jeers for the grape, vine and brew  
and Pieter’s in Nieuw Amsteldam and Paoli’s where the poules  
go and rum smelt his end for him and he dined off sooth ameri-  
can (it would give one the frier even were one a normal Kettle-  
licker) this oldworld epistola of their weatherings and their  
marryings and their buryings and their natural selections has  
combled tumbled down to us fersch and made-at-all-hours like  
an ould cup on tay. As I was hottin me souser. Haha! And as  
you was caldin your dutchy hovel. Hoho! She tole the tail or  
her toon. Huhu!

Now, kapnimancy and infusionism may both fit as tight as  
two trivets but while we in our wee free state, holding to that  
prestatute in our charter, may have our irremovable doubts as  
to the whole sense of the lot, the interpretation of any phrase in%j%

