format: snippet


%ni%boles clean,%—%the weeping beeches, Picea and Tillia, are in a  
wild state about it%—%ought to be classified, as Cricketbutt Will-  
owm and his two nurserymen advisers suggested, under genus  
Inexhaustible when we refloat upon all the butternat, sweet gum  
and manna ash redcedera which is so purvulent there as if there  
was howthorns in Curraghchasa which ought to look as plane  
as a lodgepole to anybody until we are introduced to that pine-  
tacotta of Verney Rubeus where the deodarty is pinctured for us  
in a pure stand, which we do not doubt ha has a habitat of doing,  
but without those selfsownseedlings which are a species of proof  
that the largest individual can occur at or in an olivetion such as  
East Conna Hillock where it mixes with foolth accacians and  
common sallies and *is* tender) *Vux Populus*, as we say in hickory-  
hockery and I wish we had some more glasses of *arbor vitae*.  
Why roat by the roadside or awn over alum pot? Alderman  
Whitebeaver is dakyo. He ought to go away for a change of  
ideas and he’d have a world of things to look back on. Do, sweet  
Daniel! If I weren’t a jones in myself I’d elect myself to be his  
dolphin in the wildsbillow because he is such a barefooted rubber  
with my supersocks pulled over his face which I publicked in  
my bestback garden for the laetification of siderodromites and  
to the irony of the stars. You will say it is most unenglish and  
I shall hope to hear that you will not be wrong about it. But I  
further, feeling a bit husky in my truths.

Will you please come over and let us mooremoore murgessly  
to each’s other down below our vices. I am underheerd by old  
billfaust. Wilsh is full of curks. The coolskittle is philip debli-  
nite. Mr Wist is thereover beyeind the wantnot. Wilsh and wist  
are as thick of thins udder as faust on the deblinite. Sgunoshooto  
estas preter la tapizo malgranda. Lilegas al si en sia chambro.  
Kelkefoje funcktas, kelkefoje srumpas Shultroj. Houdian Kiel vi  
fartas, mia nigra sinjoro? And from the poignt of fun where I  
am crying to arrive you at they are on allfore as foibleminded as  
you can feel they are fablebodied.

My heeders will recoil with a great leisure how at the out-  
break before trespassing on the space question where even%j%

