format: snippet


%ni%fact that it was but pierced butnot punctured (in the university  
sense of the term) by numerous stabs and foliated gashes made  
by a pronged instrument. These paper wounds, four in type,  
were gradually and correctly understood to mean stop, please  
stop, do please stop, and O do please stop respectively, and  
following up their one true clue, the circumflexuous wall of a  
singleminded men’s asylum, accentuated by bi tso fb rok engl  
a ssan dspl itch ina,%—%Yard inquiries pointed out → that they  
ad bin “provoked” ay ⋀ fork, of à grave Brofèsor; àth é’s Brèak  
%—%fast%—%table;  ; acùtely profèššionally *piquéd*, to=introdùce a  
notion of time [ùpon à plane (?) sù ’ ’ fàç’e’] by pùnct! ingh oles  
(sic) in ispace?! Deeply religious by nature and position, and  
warmly attached to Thee, and smearbread and better and Him  
and newlaidills, it was rightly suspected that such ire could not  
have been visited by him Brotfressor Prenderguest even under-  
wittingly, upon the ancestral pneuma of one whom, with rheuma,  
he venerated shamelessly at least once a week at Cockspur Com-  
mon as his apple in his eye and her first boys’ best friend and,  
though plain English for a married lady misled heaps by the way,  
yet when some peerer or peeress detected that the fourleaved  
shamrock or quadrifoil jab was more recurrent wherever the  
script was clear and the term terse and that these two were the  
selfsame spots naturally selected for her perforations by Dame  
Partlet on her dungheap, thinkers all put grown in waterung-  
spillfull Pratiland only and a playful fowl and musical me and  
not you in any case, two and two together, and, with a swarm  
of bisses honeyhunting after, a sigh for shyme (O, the petty-  
bonny rouge!) separated modest mouths. So be it. And it was.  
The lettermaking of the explots of Fjorgn Camhelsson when he  
was in the Kvinnes country with Soldru’s men. With acknow-  
ledgment of our fervour of the first instant he remains years most  
fainfully. For postscrapt see spoils. Though not yet had the sailor  
sipped that sup nor the humphar foamed to the fill. And fox and  
geese still kept the peace around *L’Auberge du Pere Adam.*

Small need after that, old Jeromesolem, old Huffsnuff, old  
Andycox, old Olecasandrum, for quizzing your weekenders come%j%

