format: snippet


Dispersal women wondered. Was she fast?

Do tell us all about. As we want to hear allabout. So tellus tel-  
las allabouter. The why or whether she looked alottylike like  
ussies and whether he had his wimdop like themses shut? Notes  
and queries, tipbids and answers, the laugh and the shout, the  
ards and downs. Now listed to one aneither and liss them down  
and smoothen out your leaves of rose. The war is o’er. Wimwim  
wimwim! Was it Unity Moore or Estella Swifte or Varina Fay  
or Quarta Quaedam? Toemaas, mark oom for yor ounckel! Pig-  
eys, hold op med yer leg! Who, but who (for second time of  
asking) was then the scourge of the parts about folkrich Luca-  
lizod it was wont to be asked, as, in ages behind of the Homo  
Capite Erectus, what price Peabody’s money, or, to put it  
bluntly, whence is the herringtons’ white cravat, as, in epochs  
more cainozoic, who struck Buckley though nowadays as then-  
times every schoolfilly of sevenscore moons or more who know-  
her intimologies and every colleen bawl aroof and every red-  
flammelwaving warwife and widowpeace upon Dublin Wall for  
ever knows as yayas is yayas how it was Buckleyself (we need  
no blooding paper to tell it neither) who struck and the Russian  
generals, da! da!, instead of Buckley who was caddishly struck  
by him when be herselves. What fullpried paulpoison in the spy  
of three castles or which hatefilled smileyseller? And that such  
a vetriol of venom, that queen’s head affranchisant, a quiet stink-  
ingplaster zeal could cover, prepostered or postpaid! The lounge-  
lizards of the pumproom had their nine days’ jeer, and pratsch-  
kats at their platschpails too and holenpolendom beside, Szpasz-  
pas Szpissmas, the zhanyzhonies, when, still believing in her  
owenglass, when izarres were twinklins, that the upper reaches  
of her mouthless face and her impermanent waves were the better  
half of her, one nearer him, dearer than all, first warming creature  
of his early morn, bondwoman of the man of the house, and  
murrmurr of all the mackavicks, she who had given his eye for  
her bed and a tooth for a child till one one and one ten and one  
hundred again, O me and O ye! cadet and prim, the hungray and  
anngreen (and if she is older now than her teeth she has hair that%j%

