format: snippet


%ni%when not in that order sundering in some different order, alter  
three thirty and a hundred times by the binomial dioram and  
the penic walls and the ind, the Inklespill legends and the rure,  
the rule of the hoop and the blessons of expedience and the jus,  
the jugicants of Pontius Pilax and all the mummyscrips in Sick  
Bokes’ Juncroom and the Chapters for the Cunning of the Chap-  
ters of the Conning Fox by Tail.

While that Mooksius with preprocession and with propre-  
cession, duplicitly and diplussedly, was promulgating ipsofacts  
and sadcontras this raskolly Gripos he had allbust seceded in  
monophysicking his illsobordunates. But asawfulas he had  
caught his base semenoyous sarchnaktiers to combuccinate upon  
the silipses of his aspillouts and the acheporeoozers of his haggy-  
own pneumax to synerethetise with the breadchestviousness of  
his sweeatovular ducose sofarfully the loggerthuds of his sakel-  
laries were fond at variance with the synodals of his somepooliom  
and his babskissed nepogreasymost got the hoof from his philio-  
quus.
%—%Efter thousand yaws, O Gripes con my sheepskins, yow  
will be belined to the world, enscayed Mookse the pius.
%—%Ofter thousand yores, amsered Gripes the gregary, be the  
goat of MacHammud’s, yours may be still, O Mookse, more  
botheared.
%—%Us shall be chosen as the first of the last by the electress of  
Vale Hollow, obselved the Mookse nobily, for par the unicum  
of Elelijiacks, Us am in Our stabulary and that is what Ruby and  
Roby fall for, blissim.

The Pills, the Nasal Wash (Yardly’s), the Army Man Cut, as  
british as bondstrict and as straightcut as when that broken-  
arched traveller from Nuzuland...
%—%Wee, cumfused the Gripes limply, shall not even be the  
last of the first, wee hope, when oust are visitated by the Veiled  
Horror. And, he added: Mee are relying entirely, see the forte-  
thurd of Elissabed, on the weightiness of mear’s breath. Puffut!

Unsightbared embouscher, relentless foe to social and business  
succes! (Hourihaleine) It might have been a happy evening but...

