format: snippet


%ni%my ohole mouthful to arinam about it you should call me the  
ormuzd aliment in your midst of faime. Eat ye up, heat ye up!  
sings the somun in the salm. *Butyrum et mel comedet ut sciat  
reprobare malum et eligere bonum.* This, of course, also explains  
why we were taught to play in the childhood: *Der Haensli ist  
ern Butterbrot, mein Butterbrot! Und Koebi iss dein Schtinkenkot!  
Ja! Ja! Ja!*

This in fact, just to show you, is Caseous, the brutherscutch  
or puir tyron: a hole or two, the highstinks aforefelt and anygo  
prigging wurms. Cheesugh! you complain. And Hi Hi High  
must say you are not Hoa Hoa Hoally in the wrong!

Thus we cannot escape our likes and mislikes, exiles or am-  
busheers, beggar and neighbour and%—%this is where the dime-  
show advertisers advance the temporal relief plea%—%let us be  
tolerant of antipathies. *Nex quovis burro num fit mercaseus?* I am  
not hereby giving my final endorsement to the learned ignorants  
of the Cusanus philosophism in which old Nicholas pegs it  
down that the smarter the spin of the top the sounder the span  
of the buttom (what the worthy old auberginiste ought to have  
meant was: the more stolidly immobile *in space* appears to me  
the bottom which is presented to use in time by the top primo-  
mobilisk &c.). And I shall be misunderstord if understood to  
give an unconditional sinequam to the heroicised furibouts of  
the Nolanus theory, or, at any rate, of that substrate of apart  
from hissheory where the Theophil swoors that on principial he  
was the pointing start of his odiose by comparison and that whiles  
eggs will fall cheapened all over the walled the Bure will be dear  
on the Brie.

Now, while I am not out now to be taken up as unintention-  
ally recommending the Silkebjorg tyrondynamon machine for  
the more economical helixtrolysis of these amboadipates until  
I can find space to look into it myself a little more closely first  
I shall go on with my decisions after having shown to you in  
good time how both products of our social stomach (the excellent  
Dr Burroman, I noticed by the way from his emended food  
theory, has been carefully digesting the very wholesome criticism%j%

