format: snippet


%ni%peraw raw raw reeraw puteters out of Now Sealand in spignt  
of the patchpurple of the massacre, a dual a duel to die to  
day, goddam and biggod, sticks and stanks, of most of the  
Jacobiters.

The bird in the case was Belinda of the Dorans, a more than  
quinquegintarian (Terziis prize with Serni medal, Cheepalizzy’s  
Hane Exposition) and what she was scratching at the hour of  
klokking twelve looked for all this zogzag world like a goodish-  
sized sheet of letterpaper originating by transhipt from Boston  
(Mass.) of the last of the first to Dear whom it proceded to  
mention Maggy well & allathome’s health well only the hate  
turned the mild on *the van* Houtens and the general’s elections  
with a *lovely* face of some born gentleman with a beautiful present  
of wedding cakes for dear thankyou Chriesty and with grand  
funferall of poor Father Michael don’t forget unto life’s & Muggy  
well how are you Maggy & hopes soon to hear well & must now  
close it with fondest to the twoinns with four crosskisses for holy  
paul holey comer holipoli whollyisland pee ess from (locust may  
eat all but this sign shall they never) affectionate largelooking  
tache of tch. The stain, and that a teastain (the overcautelousness  
of the masterbilker here, as usual, signing the page away), marked  
it off on the spout of the moment as a genuine relique of ancient  
Irish pleasant pottery of that lydialike languishing class known as  
a hurry-me-o’er-the-hazy.

Why then how?

Well, almost any photoist worth his chemicots will tip anyone  
asking him the teaser that if a negative of a horse happens to melt  
enough while drying, well, what you do get is, well, a positively  
grotesquely distorted macromass of all sorts of horsehappy values  
and masses of meltwhile horse. Tip. Well, this freely is what  
must have occurred to our missive (there’s a sod of a turb for  
you! please wisp off the grass!) unfilthed from the boucher by  
the sagacity of a lookmelittle likemelong hen. Heated residence  
in the heart of the orangeflavoured mudmound had partly ob-  
literated the negative to start with, causing some features pal-  
pably nearer your pecker to be swollen up most grossly while%j%

