format: snippet


%ni%Saint Bowery’s-without-his-Walls he came (secunding to the one  
one oneth of the propecies, *Amnis Limina Permanent*) upon the  
most unconsciously boggylooking stream he ever locked his  
eyes with. Out of the colliens it took a rise by daubing itself Ni-  
non. It looked little and it smelt of brown and it thought in nar-  
rows and it talked showshallow. And as it rinn it dribbled like any  
lively purliteasy: *My, my, my! Me and me! Little down dream  
don’t I love thee!*

And, I declare, what was there on the yonder bank of the  
stream that would be a river, parched on a limb of the olum, bolt  
downright, but the Gripes? And no doubt he was fit to be dried  
for why had he not been having the juice of his times?

His pips had been neatly all drowned on him; his polps were  
charging odours every older minute; he was quickly for getting  
the dresser’s desdaign on the flyleaf of his frons; and he was  
quietly for giving the bailiff’s distrain on to the bulkside of his  
*cul de Pompe*. In all his specious heavings, as be lived by Opti-  
mus Maximus, the Mookse had never seen his Dubville brooder-  
on-low so nigh to a pickle.

Adrian (that was the Mookse now’s assumptinome) stuccstill  
phiz-à-phiz to the Gripes in an accessit of aurignacian. But All-  
mookse must to Moodend much as Allrouts, austereways or  
wastersways, in roaming run through Room. Hic sor a stone,  
singularly illud, and on hoc stone Seter satt huc sate which it  
filled quite poposterously and by acclammitation to its fullest  
justotoryum and whereopum with his unfallable encyclicling  
upom his alloilable, diupetriark of the wouest, and the athemyst-  
sprinkled pederect he always walked with, *Deusdedit*, cheek by  
jowel with his frisherman’s blague? *Bellua Triumphanes*, his  
everyway addedto wallat’s collectium, for yea longer he lieved  
yea broader he betaught of it, the fetter, the summe and the haul  
it cost, he looked the first and last micahlike laicness of Quartus  
the Fifth and Quintus the Sixth and Sixtus the Seventh giving  
allnight sitting to Lio the Faultyfindth.
%—%Good appetite us, sir Mookse! How do you do it? cheeped  
the Gripes in a wherry whiggy maudelenian woice and the jack-%j%

