format: snippet


%ni%board (trying to copy the stage Englesemen he broughts their  
house down on, shouting: Bravure, surr Chorles! Letter purfect!  
Culossal, Loose Wallor! Spache!) how he had been toed out of  
all the schicker families of the klondykers from Pioupioureich,  
Swabspays, the land of Nod, Shruggers’ Country, Pension  
Danubierhome and Barbaropolis, who had settled and stratified  
in the capital city after its hebdomodary metropoliarchialisation  
as sunblistered, moonplastered, gory, wheedling, joviale, litche-  
rous and full, ordered off the gorgeous premises in most cases on  
account of his smell which all cookmaids eminently objected to  
as ressembling the bombinubble puzzo that welled out of the  
pozzo. Instead of chuthoring those model households plain  
wholesome pothooks (a thing he never possessed of his Nigerian  
own) what do you think Vulgariano did but study with stolen  
fruit how cutely to copy all their various styles of signature so as  
one day to utter an epical forged cheque on the public for his own  
private profit until, as just related, the Dustbin’s United Scullery-  
maid’s and Househelp’s Sorority, better known as Sluttery’s  
Mowlted Futt, turned him down and assisted nature by unitedly  
shoeing the source of annoyance out of the place altogether and  
taytotally on the heat of the moment, holding one another’s  
gonk (for no-one, hound or scrublady, not even the Turk, un-  
greekable in purscent of the armenable, dared whiff the polecat  
at close range) and making some pointopointing remarks as they  
done so at the perfects of the Sniffey, your honour, aboon the  
lyow why a stunk, mister.

[Jymes wishes to hear from wearers of abandoned female cos-  
tumes, gratefully received, wadmel jumper, rather full pair of  
culottes and onthergarmenteries, to start city life together. His  
jymes is out of job, would sit and write. He has lately commited  
one of the then commandments but she will now assist. Superior  
built, domestic, regular layer. Also got the boot. He appreciates  
it. Copies. ABORTISEMENT.]

One cannot even begin to post figure out a statuesquo ante  
as to how slow in reality the excommunicated Drumcondriac,  
nate Hamis, really was. Who can say how many pseudostylic%j%

