format: snippet


%ni%always. Tip. And it is surely a lesser ignorance to write a word  
with every consonant too few than to add all too many. The  
end? Say it with missiles then and thus arabesque the page. You  
have your cup of scalding Souchong, your taper’s waxen drop,  
your cat’s paw, the clove or coffinnail you chewed or champed  
as you worded it, your lark in clear air. So why, pray, sign any-  
thing as long as every word, letter, penstroke, paperspace is a  
perfect signature of its own? A true friend is known much more  
easily, and better into the bargain, by his personal touch, habits  
of full or undress, movements, response to appeals for charity  
than by his footwear, say. And, speaking anent Tiberias and other  
incestuish salacities among gerontophils, a word of warning  
about the tenderloined passion hinted at. Some softnosed per-  
user might mayhem take it up erogenously as the usual case of  
spoons, *prostituta in herba* plus dinky pinks deliberatively summer-  
saulting off her bisexycle, at the main entrance of curate’s per-  
petual soutane suit with her one to see and awoh! who picks her  
up as gingerly as any balmbearer would to feel whereupon the  
virgin was most hurt and nicely asking: whyre have you been so  
grace a mauling and where were you chaste me child? Be who,  
farther potential? and so wider but we grisly old Sykos who have  
done our unsmiling bit on ’alices, when they were yung and  
easily freudened, in the penumbra of the procuring room and  
what oracular comepression we have had apply to them! could  
(did we care to sell our feebought silence *in camera*) tell our very  
moistnostrilled one that *father* in such virgated contexts is not  
always that undemonstrative relative (often held up to our con-  
tumacy) who settles our hashbill for us and what an innocent all-  
abroad’s adverb such as Michaelly looks like can be suggestive  
of under the pudendascope and, finally, what a neurasthene nym-  
pholept, endocrine-pineal typus, of inverted parentage with a  
prepossessing drauma present in her past and a priapic urge for  
congress with agnates before cognates fundamentally is feeling  
for under her lubricitous meiosis when she refers with liking to  
some feeler she fancie’s face. And Mm. We could. Yet what need  
to say? ’Tis as human a little story as paper could well carry, in%j%

