format: snippet


%ni%the plane where me arts soar you’d aisy rouse a thunder from and  
where I cling true’tis there I climb tree and where Innocent looks  
best (pick!) there’s holly in his ives.

As my explanations here are probably above your understand-  
ings, lattlebrattons, though as augmentatively uncomparisoned  
as Cadwan, Cadwallon and Cadwalloner, I shall revert to a more  
expletive method which I frequently use when I have to sermo  
with muddlecrass pupils. Imagine for my purpose that you are a  
squad of urchins, snifflynosed, goslingnecked, clothyheaded,  
tangled in your lacings, tingled in your pants, etsitaraw etcicero.  
And you, Bruno Nowlan, take your tongue out of your inkpot!  
As none of you knows javanese I will give all my easyfree trans-  
lation of the old fabulist’s parable. Allaboy Minor, take your  
head out of your satchel! *Audi*, Joe Peters! *Exaudi* facts!

The Mookse and The Gripes.

Gentes and laitymen, fullstoppers and semicolonials, hybreds  
and lubberds!

Eins within a space and a wearywide space it wast ere wohned  
a Mookse. The onesomeness wast alltolonely, archunsitslike,  
broady oval, and a Mookse he would a walking go (My hood!  
cries Antony Romeo), so one grandsumer evening, after a great  
morning and his good supper of gammon and spittish, having  
flabelled his eyes, pilleoled his nostrils, vacticanated his ears and  
palliumed his throats, he put on his impermeable, seized his im-  
pugnable, harped on his crown and stepped out of his immobile  
*De Rure Albo* (socolled becauld it was chalkfull of masterplasters  
and had borgeously letout gardens strown with cascadas, pinta-  
costecas, horthoducts and currycombs) and set off from Luds-  
town a *spasso* to see how badness was badness in the weirdest of  
all pensible ways.

As he set off with his father’s sword, his *lancia spezzata*, he was  
girded on, and with that between his legs and his tarkeels, our  
once in only Bragspear, he clanked, to my clinking, from veetoes  
to threetop, every inch of an immortal.

He had not walked over a pentiadpair of parsecs from his  
azylium when at the turning of the Shinshone Lanteran near%j%

