format: snippet


%ni%to make them look so rosetop glowstop nostop. I know her.  
Slight me, would she? For every got I care! Three creamings a  
day, the first during her shower and wipe off with tissue. Then  
after cleanup and of course before retiring. Beme shawl, when I  
think of that espos of a Clancarbry, the foodbrawler, of the socia-  
tionist party with hiss blackleaded chest, hello, Prendregast!  
that you, Innkipper, and all his fourteen other fullback maulers  
or hurling stars or whatever the dagos they are, baiting at my  
Lord Ornery’s, just becups they won the egg and spoon there  
so ovally provencial at Balldole. My Eilish assent he seed makes  
his admiracion. He is seeking an opening and means to be first  
with me as his belle alliance. Andoo musnoo play zeloso! Soso  
do todas. Such is Spanish. Stoop alittle closer, fealse! Delight-  
some simply! Like Jolio and Romeune. I haven’t fell so turkish  
for ages and ages! Mine’s me of squisious, the chocolate with  
a soul. Extraordinary! Why, what are they all, the mucky lot  
of them only? Sht! I wouldn’t pay three hairpins for them. Peppt!  
That’s rights, hold it steady! Leg me pull. Pu! Come big to Iran.  
Poo! What are you nudging for? No, I just thought you were.  
Listen, loviest! Of course it was *too* kind of you, miser, to re-  
member my sighs in shockings, my often expressed wish when  
you were wandering about my trousseaurs and before I forget it  
don’t forget, in your extensions to my personality, when knotting  
my remembrancetie, shoeweek will be trotting back with red  
heels at the end of the moon but look what the fool bought  
cabbage head and, as I shall answer to gracious heaven, I’ll  
always in always remind of snappy new girters, me being always  
the one for charms with my very best in proud and gloving  
even if he was to be vermillion miles my youth to live on,  
the rubberend Mr Polkingtone, the quonian fleshmonger who  
Mother Browne solicited me for unlawful converse with, with  
her mug of October (a pots on it!), creaking around on his old  
shanksaxle like a crosty old cornquake. Airman, waterwag, terrier,  
blazer! I’m fine, thanks ever! Ha! O mind you poo tickly. Sall I  
puhim in momou. Mummum. Funny spot to have a fingey! I’m  
terribly sorry, I swear to you I am! May you never see me in my%j%

