format: snippet


%ni%the farther back we manage to wiggle the more we need the loan  
of a lens to see as much as the hen saw. Tip.

You is feeling like you was lost in the bush, boy? You says:  
It is a puling sample jungle of woods. You most shouts out:  
Bethicket me for a stump of a beech if I have the poultriest no-  
tions what the farest he all means. Gee up, girly! The quad gos-  
pellers may own the targum but any of the Zingari shoolerim  
may pick a peck of kindlings yet from the sack of auld hensyne.

Lead, kindly fowl! They always did: ask the ages. What bird  
has done yesterday man may do next year, be it fly, be it moult,  
be it hatch, be it agreement in the nest. For her socioscientific  
sense is sound as a bell, sir, her volucrine automutativeness right  
on normalcy: she knows, she just feels she was kind of born to  
lay and love eggs (trust her to propagate the species and hoosh  
her fluffballs safe through din and danger!); lastly but mostly, in  
her genesic field it is all game and no gammon; she is ladylike in  
everything she does and plays the gentleman’s part every time.  
Let us auspice it! Yes, before all this has time to end the golden  
age must return with its vengeance. Man will become dirigible,  
Ague will be rejuvenated, woman with her ridiculous white bur-  
den will reach by one step sublime incubation, the manewanting  
human lioness with her dishorned discipular manram will lie  
down together publicly flank upon fleece. No, assuredly, they are  
not justified, those gloompourers who grouse that letters have  
never been quite their old selves again since that weird weekday  
in bleak Janiveer (yet how palmy date in a waste’s oasis!) when  
to the shock of both, Biddy Doran looked at literature.

And. She may be a mere marcella, this midget madgetcy,  
Misthress of Arths. But. It is not a hear or say of some anomo-  
rous letter, signed Toga Girilis, (teasy dear). We have a cop of  
her fist right against our nosibos. We note the paper with her  
jotty young watermark: *Notre Dame du Bon Marché*. And she  
has a heart of Arin! What lumililts as she fols with her falli-  
mineers and her nadianods. As a strow will shaw she does the  
wind blague, recting to show the rudess of a robur curling and  
shewing the fansaties of a frizette. But how many of her readers%j%

