format: snippet


%ni%of findingos, with a shillto shallto slipny stripny, in he skittled.  
Swikey! The allwhite poors guardiant, pulpably of balltossic  
stummung, was literally astundished over the painful sake, how  
he burstteself, which he was gone to, where he intent to did he,  
whether you think will, wherend the whole current of the after-  
noon whats the souch of a surch hads of hits of hims, urged and  
staggered thereto in his countryports at the caledosian capacity  
for Lieutuvisky of the caftan’s wineskin and even more so,  
during, looking his bigmost astonishments, it was said him,  
aschu, fun the concerned outgift of the dead med dirt, how that,  
arrahbejibbers, conspuent to the dominical order and exking  
noblish permish, he was namely coon at bringer at home two  
gallonts, as per royal, full poultry till his murder. Nip up and nab  
it!

Polthergeistkotzdondherhoploits! Kick? What mother? Whose  
porter? Which pair? Why namely coon? But our undilligence has  
been plutherotested so enough of such porterblack lowneess, too  
base for printink! Perpending that Putterick O’Purcell pulls the  
coald stoane out of Winterwater’s and Silder Seas sing for Harreng  
our Keng, sept okt nov dez John Phibbs march! We cannot, in  
mercy or justice nor on the lovom for labaryntos, stay here for  
the residence of our existings, discussing Tamstar Ham of Ten-  
man’s thirst.

JUSTIUS (to himother): Brawn is my name and broad is my  
nature and I’ve breit on my brow and all’s right with every fea-  
ture and I’ll brune this bird or Brown Bess’s bung’s gone bandy.  
I’m the boy to bruise and braise. Baus!

Stand forth, Nayman of Noland (for no longer will I follow  
you obliquelike through the inspired form of the third person  
singular and the moods and hesitensies of the deponent but ad-  
dress myself to you, with the empirative of my vendettative, pro-  
vocative and out direct), stand forth, come boldly, jolly me,-  
move me, zwilling though I am, to laughter in your true colours  
ere you be back for ever till I give you your talkingto! Shem  
Macadamson, you know me and I know you and all your she-  
meries. Where have you been in the uterim, enjoying yourself%j%

