format: snippet


Reeve Gootch was right and Reeve Drughad was sinistrous! And  
the cut of him! And the strut of him! How he used to hold his  
head as high as a howeth, the famous eld duke alien, with a hump  
of grandeur on him like a walking wiesel rat. And his derry’s  
own drawl and his corksown blather and his doubling stutter  
and his gullaway swank. Ask Lictor Hackett or Lector Reade  
of Garda Growley or the Boy with the Billyclub. How elster is  
he a called at all? Qu’appelle? Huges Caput Earlyfouler. Or  
where was he born or how was he found? Urgothland, Tvistown  
on the Kattekat? New Hunshire, Concord on the Merrimake?  
Who blocksmitt her saft anvil or yelled lep to her pail? Was her  
banns never loosened in Adam and Eve’s or were him and her  
but captain spliced? For mine ether duck I thee drake. And by  
my wildgaze I thee gander. Flowey and Mount on the brink of  
time makes wishes and fears for a happy isthmass. She can show  
all her lines, with love, license to play. And if they don’t remarry  
that hook and eye may! O, passmore that and oxus another! Don  
Dom Dombdomb and his wee follyo! Was his help inshored in  
the Stork and Pelican against bungelars, flu and third risk par-  
ties? I heard he dug good tin with his doll, delvan first and duvlin  
after, when he raped her home, Sabrine asthore, in a parakeet’s  
cage, by dredgerous lands and devious delts, playing catched and  
mythed with the gleam of her shadda, (if a flic had been there to  
pop up and pepper him!) past auld min’s manse and Maisons  
Allfou and the rest of incurables and the last of immurables, the  
quaggy waag for stumbling. Who sold you that jackalantern’s  
tale? Pemmican’s pasty pie! Not a grasshoop to ring her, not an  
antsgrain of ore. In a gabbard he barqued it, the boat of life,  
from the harbourless Ivernikan Okean, till he spied the loom of  
his landfall and he loosed two croakers from under his tilt, the  
gran Phenician rover. By the smell of her kelp they made the  
pigeonhouse. Like fun they did! But where was Himself, the  
timoneer? That marchantman he suivied their scutties right over  
the wash, his cameleer’s burnous breezing up on him, till with  
his runagate bowmpriss he roade and borst her bar. Pilcomayo!  
Suchcaughtawan! And the whale’s away with the grayling! Tune%j%

