format: snippet


%ni%I helped him to in my princeps edition which is all so munch  
to the cud) are mutuearly polarised the incompatabilily of any  
delusional acting as ambivalent to the fixation of his pivotism.  
Positing, as above, too males pooles, the one the pictor of the  
other and the omber the *Skotia* of the one, and looking want-  
ingly around our undistributed middle between males we feel  
we must waistfully woent a female to focus and on this stage  
there pleasantly appears the cowrymaid M. whom we shall  
often meet below who introduces herself upon us at some precise  
hour which we shall again agree to call absolute zero or the  
babbling pumpt of platinism. And so like that former son  
of a kish who went up and out to found his farmer’s ashes we  
come down home gently on our own turnedabout asses to meet  
Margareen.

We now romp through a period of pure lyricism of shame-  
bred music (technologically, let me say, the appetising entry of  
this subject on a fool chest of vialds is plumply pudding the carp  
before doevre hors) evidenced by such words in distress as *I  
cream for thee, Sweet Margareen*, and the more hopeful *O Mar-  
gareena! O Margareena! Still in the bowl is left a lump of gold!*  
(Correspondents, by the way, will keep on asking me what is the  
correct garnish to serve drisheens with. Tansy Sauce. Enough).  
The pawnbreaking pathos of the first of these shoddy pieces  
reveals it as a Caseous effort. Burrus’s bit is often used for a toast.  
Criniculture can tell us very precisely indeed how and why this  
particular streak of yellow silver first appeared on (not in) the  
bowel, that is to see, the human head, bald, black, bronze, brown,  
brindled, betteraved or blanchemanged where it might be use-  
fully compared with an earwig on a fullbottom. I am offering  
this to Signorina Cuticura and I intend to take it up and bring it  
under the nosetice of Herr Harlene by way of diverting his  
attentions. Of course the unskilled singer continues to pervert  
our wiser ears by subordinating the space-element, that is to  
sing, the *aria*, to the time-factor, which ought to be killed, *ill  
tempor*. I should advise any unborn singer who may still be  
among my heeders to forget her temporal diaphragm at home%j%

