format: snippet


%ni%affect, as singsing so Salaman susuing to swittvitles while as un-  
bluffingly blurtubruskblunt as an Esra? the cat, the cat’s meeter,  
the meeter’s cat’s wife, the meeter’s cat’s wife’s half better, the  
meeter’s cat’s wife’s half better’s meeter, and so back to our  
horses, for we also know, what we have perused from the pages  
of *I Was A Gemral*, that Showting up of Bulsklivism by ‘Schot-  
tenboum’, that Father Michael about this red time of the white  
terror equals the old regime and Margaret is the social revolution  
while cakes mean the party funds and dear thank you signifies  
national gratitude. In fine, we have heard, as it happened, of  
Spartacus intercellular. We are not corknered yet, dead hand!  
We can recall, with voluntears, the froggy jew, and sweeter far  
’twere now westhinks in Dumbil’s fair city ere one more year is  
o’er. We tourned our coasts to the good gay tunes. When from  
down swords the sea merged the oldowth guns and answer made  
the bold O’ Dwyer. But. *Est modest in verbos*. Let a prostitute  
be whoso stands before a door and winks or parks herself in the  
fornix near a makeussin wall (sinsin! sinsin!) and the curate one  
who brings strong waters (gingin! gingin!), but also, and dinna  
forget, that there is many asleeps between someathome’s first  
and moreinausland’s last and that the beautiful presence of wait-  
ing kates will until life’s (!) be more than enough to make any  
milkmike in the language of sweet tarts punch hell’s hate into his  
twin nicky and that Maggy’s tea, or your majesty, if heard as a  
boost from a born gentleman is (?). For if the lingo gasped between  
kicksheets, however basically English, were to be preached from  
the mouths of wickerchurchwardens and metaphysicians in the  
row and advokaatoes, allvoyous, demivoyelles, languoaths, les-  
biels, dentelles, gutterhowls and furtz, where would their prac-  
tice be or where the human race itself were the Pythagorean ses-  
quipedalia of the panepistemion, however apically Volapucky,  
grunted and gromwelled, ichabod, habakuk, opanoff, uggamyg,  
hapaxle, gomenon, ppppfff, over country stiles, behind slated  
dwellinghouses, down blind lanes, or, when all fruit fails, under  
some sacking left on a coarse cart?

So hath been, love: tis tis: and will be: till wears and tears and%j%

