format: snippet


%ni%birthday pelts seenso tutu and that her blanches mainges may rot  
leprous off her whatever winking maggis I’ll bet by your cut  
you go fleurting after with all the glass on her and the jumps  
in her stomewhere! Haha! I suspected she was! Sink her! May  
they fire her for a barren ewe! So she says: Tay for thee? Well, I  
saith: Angst so mush: and desired she might not take it amiss if I  
esteemed her but an odd. If I did ate toughturf I’m not a mishy-  
missy. Of course I know, pettest, you’re so learningful and  
considerate in yourself, so friend of vegetables, you long cold cat  
you! Please by acquiester to meek my acquointance! Codling,  
snakelet, iciclist! My diaper has more life to it! Who drowned  
you in drears, man, or are you pillale with ink? Did a weep get  
past the gates of your pride? My tread on the clover, sweetness?  
Yes, the buttercups told me, hug me, damn it all, and I’ll kiss  
you back to life, my peachest. I mean to make you suffer,  
meddlar, and I don’t care this fig for contempt of courting.  
That I chid you, sweet sir? You know I’m tender by my eye.  
Can’t you read by dazzling ones through me true? Bite my  
laughters, drink my tears. Pore into me, volumes, spell me stark  
and spill me swooning. I just don’t care what my thwarters  
think. Transname me loveliness, now and here me for all times!  
I’d risk a policeman passing by, Magrath or even that beggar of  
a boots at the Post. The flame? O, pardone! That was what?  
Ah, did you speak, stuffstuff? More poestries from Chickspeer’s  
with gleechoreal music or a jaculation from the garden of the  
soul. Of I be leib in the immoralities? O, you mean the strangle  
for love and the sowiveall of the prettiest? Yep, we open hap  
coseries in the home. And once upon a week I improve on myself  
I’m so keen on that New Free Woman with novel inside. I’m  
always as tickled as can be over Man in a Surplus by the Lady  
who Pays the Rates. But I’m as pie as is possible. Let’s root  
out Brimstoker and give him the thrall of our lives. It’s Dracula’s  
nightout. For creepsake don’t make a flush! Draw the shades,  
curfe you, and I’ll beat any sonnamonk to love. Holy bug, how  
my highness would jump to make you flame your halve a ban-  
nan in two when I’d run my burning torchlight through (to adore%j%

