format: snippet


And they viterberated each other, *canis et coluber* with the  
wildest ever wielded since Tarriestinus lashed Pissasphaltium.
%—%Unuchorn!
%—%Ungulant!
%—%Uvuloid!
%—%Uskybeak!

And bullfolly answered volleyball.

Nuvoletta in her lightdress, spunn of sisteen shimmers, was  
looking down on them, leaning over the bannistars and listening  
all she childishly could. How she was brightened when Should-  
rups in his glaubering hochskied his welkinstuck and how she  
was overclused when Kneesknobs on his zwivvel was makeact-  
ing such a paulse of himshelp! She was alone. All her nubied  
companions were asleeping with the squirrels. Their mivver,  
Mrs Moonan, was off in the Fuerst quarter scrubbing the back-  
steps of Number 28. Fuvver, that Skand, he was up in Norwood’s  
sokaparlour, eating oceans of Voking’s Blemish. Nuvoletta lis-  
tened as she reflected herself, though the heavenly one with his  
constellatria and his emanations stood between, and she tried all  
she tried to make the Mookse look up at her (but *he* was fore too  
adiaptotously farseeing) and to make the Gripes hear how coy  
she could be (though he was much too schystimatically auricular  
about *his ens* to heed her) but it was all mild’s vapour moist. Not  
even her feignt reflection, Nuvoluccia, could they toke their  
gnoses off for their minds with intrepifide fate and bungless  
curiasity, were conclaved with Heliogobbleus and Commodus  
and Enobarbarus and whatever the coordinal dickens they did  
as their damprauch of papyrs and buchstubs said. As if that was  
their spiration! As if theirs could duiparate her queendim! As if  
she would be third perty to search on search proceedings! She  
tried all the winsome wonsome ways her four winds had taught  
her. She tossed her sfumastelliacinous hair like *la princesse de la  
Petite Bretagne* and she rounded her mignons arms like Mrs  
Cornwallis-West and she smiled over herself like the beauty of  
the image of the pose of the daughter of the queen of the Em-  
perour of Irelande and she sighed after herself as were she born%j%

