format: snippet


%ni%realise that she is not out to dizzledazzle with a graith uncouthre-  
ment of postmantuam glasseries from the lapins and the grigs.  
Nuttings on her wilelife! Grabar gooden grandy for old almea-  
nium adamologists like Dariaumaurius and Zovotrimaserov-  
meravmerouvian; (dmzn!); she feel plain plate one flat fact thing  
and if, lastways firdstwise, a man alones sine anyon anyons  
utharas has no rates to done a kik at with anyon anakars about  
tutus milking fores and the rereres on the outerrand asikin the  
tutus to be forrarder. Thingcrooklyexineverypasturesixdix-  
likencehimaroundhersthemaggerbykinkinkankanwithdownmind-  
lookingated. Mesdaims, Marmouselles, Mescerfs! Silvapais! All  
schwants (schwrites) ischt tell the cock’s trootabout him. Ka-  
pak kapuk. No minzies matter. He had to see life foully the  
plak and the smut, (schwrites). There were three men in him  
(schwrites). Dancings (schwrites) was his only ttoo feebles.  
With apple harlottes. And a little mollvogels. Spissially (schwrites)  
when they peaches. Honeys wore camelia paints. Yours very  
truthful. Add dapple inn. Yet is it but an old story, the tale of  
a Treestone with one Ysold, of a Mons held by tentpegs and his  
pal whatholoosed on the run, what Cadman could but Badman  
wouldn’t, any Genoaman against any Venis, and why Kate takes  
charge of the waxworks.

Let us now, weather, health, dangers, public orders and other  
circumstances permitting, of perfectly convenient, if you police,  
after you, policepolice, pardoning mein, ich beam so fresch, bey?  
drop this jiggerypokery and talk straight turkey meet to mate, for  
while the ear, be we mikealls or nicholists, may sometimes be in-  
clined to believe others the eye, whether browned or nolensed,  
find it devilish hard now and again even to believe itself. *Habes  
aures et num videbis? Habes oculos ac mannepalpabuat?* Tip! Draw-  
ing nearer to take our slant at it (since after all it has met with  
misfortune while all underground), let us see all there may remain  
to be seen.

I am a worker, a tombstone mason, anxious to pleace avery-  
buries and jully glad when Christmas comes his once ayear. You  
are a poorjoist, unctuous to polise nopebobbies and tunnibelly%j%

