format: snippet


%ni%to bride with Tristis Tristior Tristissimus. But, sweet madonine,  
she might fair as well have carried her daisy’s worth to Florida.  
For the Mookse, a dogmad Accanite, were not amoosed and the  
Gripes, a dubliboused Catalick, wis pinefully obliviscent.

I see, she sighed. There are menner.

The siss of the whisp of the sigh of the softzing at the stir of  
the ver grose O arundo of a long one in midias reeds: and shades  
began to glidder along the banks, greepsing, greepsing, duusk  
unto duusk, and it was as glooming as gloaming could be in the  
waste of all peacable worlds. Metamnisia was allsoonome coloro-  
form brune; citherior spiane an eaulande, innemorous and un-  
numerose. The Mookse had a sound eyes right but he could not  
all hear. The Gripes had light ears left yet he could but ill see.  
He ceased. And he ceased, tung and trit, and it was neversoever  
so dusk of both of them. But still Moo thought on the deeps of  
the undths he would profoundth come the morrokse and still  
Gri feeled of the scripes he would escipe if by grice he had luck  
enoupes.

Oh, how it was duusk! From Vallee Maraia to Grasyaplaina,  
dormimust echo! Ah dew! Ah dew! It was so duusk that the  
tears of night began to fall, first by ones and twos, then by threes  
and fours, at last by fives and sixes of sevens, for the tired ones  
were wecking, as we weep now with them. *O! O! O! Par la  
pluie!*

Then there came down to the thither bank a woman of no  
appearance (I believe she was a Black with chills at her feet) and  
she gathered up his hoariness the Mookse motamourfully where  
he was spread and carried him away to her invisible dwelling,  
thats hights, *Aquila Rapax*, for he was the holy sacred solem and  
poshup spit of her boshop’s apron. So you see the Mookse he  
had reason as I knew and you knew and he knew all along. And  
there came down to the hither bank a woman to all important  
(though they say that she was comely, spite the cold in her heed)  
and, for he was as like it as blow it to a hawker’s hank, she  
plucked down the Gripes, torn panicky autotone, in angeu from  
his limb and cariad away its beotitubes with her to her unseen%j%

