format: snippet


%ni%thoroughgoing trotty the first down Spanish Place, Mayo I make,  
Tuam I take, Sligo’s sleek but Galway’s grace. Holy eel and  
Sainted Salmon, chucking chub and ducking dace, Rodiron’s not  
*your* aequal! says she, leppin half the lane. *abcd*) A bell a bell on  
Shalldoll Steepbell, ond be’ll go massplon pristmoss speople,  
Shand praise gon ness our fayst moan *neople*, our prame *Shan-  
deepen*, pay name muy *feepence*, moy nay non *Aequallllllll!*

5. Whad slags of a loughladd would retten smuttyflesks, empt-  
out old mans, melk vitious geit, scareoff jackinjills fra tiddle  
anding, smoothpick waste papish pastures, insides man outsiders  
angell, sprink dirted water around village, newses, tobaggon and  
sweeds, plain general kept, louden on the kirkpeal, foottreats  
given to malafides, outshriek hyelp hyelf nor his hair efter  
buggelawrs, might underhold three barnets, putzpolish crotty  
bottes, nightcoover all fireglims, serve’s time till baass, grind-  
stone his kniveses, fullest boarded, lewd man of the method of  
godliness, perchance he nieows and thans sits in the spoorwaggen,  
X.W.C.A. on Z.W.C.U., Doorsteps, Limited, or Baywindaws  
Bros swobber preferred. Walther Clausetter’s and Sons with the  
H. E. Chimneys’ Company to not skreve, will, on advices, be  
bacon or stable hand, must begripe fullstandingly irers’ langurge,  
jublander or northquain bigger prefurred, all duties, kine rights,  
family fewd, outings fived, may get earnst, no get combitsch,  
profusional drinklords to please obstain, he is fatherlow soun-  
digged inmoodmined pershoon but aleconnerman, nay, *that* must  
he isn’t?

Answer: Pore ole Joe!

6. What means the saloon slogan Summon In The House-  
sweep Dinah?

Answer: Tok. Galory bit of the sales of Cloth nowand I have  
to beeswax the bringing in all the claub of the porks to us how I  
thawght I knew his stain on the flower if me ask and can could  
speak and he called by me midden name Tik. I am your honey  
honeysugger phwhtphwht tha Bay and who bruk the dandleass  
and who seen the blackcullen jam for Tomorrha’s big pickneck  
I hope it’ll pour prais the Climate of all Ireland I heard the%j%

