format: snippet


%ni%mer desh to tren, into Patatapapaveri’s, fruiterers and musical  
florists, with his *Ciaho, chavi! Sat shin, shillipen?* she knew the  
vice out of bridewell was a bad fast man by his walk on the  
spot.

[Johns is a different butcher’s. Next place you are up town pay  
him a visit. Or better still, come tobuy. You will enjoy cattlemen’s  
spring meat. Johns is now quite divorced from baking. Fattens,  
kills, flays, hangs, draws, quarters and pieces. Feel his lambs! Ex!  
Feel how sheap! Exex! His liver too is great value, a spatiality!  
Exexex! COMMUNICATED.]

Around that time, moravar, one generally, for luvvomony  
hoped or at any rate suspected among morticians that he would  
early tum out badly, develop hereditary pulmonary T.B., and  
do for himself one dandy time, nay, of a pelting night blanketed  
creditors, hearing a coarse song and splash off Eden Quay sighed  
and rolled over, sure all was up, but, though he fell heavily and  
locally into debit, not even then could such an antinomian be  
true to type. He would not put fire to his cerebrum; he would  
not throw himself in Liffey; he would not explaud himself with  
pneumantics; he refused to saffrocake himself with a sod. With  
the foreign devil’s leave the fraid bom fraud diddled even death.  
*Anzi*, cabled (but shaking the worth out of his maulth: Guarda-  
costa leporello? Szasas Kraicz!) from his Nearapoblican asylum  
to his jonathan for a brother: Here tokay, gone tomory, we’re  
spluched, do something, Fireless. And had answer: Inconvenient,  
David.

You see, chaps, it will trickle out, freaksily of course, but the  
tom and the shorty of it is: he was in his bardic memory low.  
All the time he kept on treasuring with condign satisfaction each  
and every crumb of trektalk, covetous of his neighbour’s word,  
and if ever, during a Munda conversazione commoted in the  
nation’s interest, delicate tippits were thrown out to him touch-  
ing his evil courses by some wellwishers, vainly pleading by  
scriptural arguments with the opprobrious papist about trying  
to brace up for the kidos of the thing, Scally wag, and be a men  
instead of a dem scrounger, dish it all, such as: Pray, what is%j%

