format: snippet


%ni%quasimodo, royal, sago, tango, umber, vanilla, wisteria, xray,  
yesplease, zaza, philomel, theerose. What are they all by? Shee.

If you nude her in her prime, make sure you find her comple-  
mentary or, on your very first occasion, by Angus Dagdasson  
and all his piccions, she’ll prick you where you’re proudest with  
her unsatt speagle eye. Look sharp, she’s signalling from among  
the asters. Turn again, wistfultone, lode mere of Doubtlynn!  
Arise, Land-under-Wave! Clap your lingua to your pallet, drop  
your jowl with a jolt, tambourine until your breath slides, pet a  
pout and it’s out. Have you got me, Allysloper?

My top it was brought Achill’s low, my middle I ope before  
you, my bottom’s a vulser if ever there valsed and my whole the  
flower that stars the day and is solly well worth your pilger’s  
fahrt. Where there’s a hitch, a head of things, let henker’s halter  
hang the halunkenend. For I see through your weapon. That  
cry’s not Cucullus. And his eyelids are painted. If my tutor here  
is cut out for an oldeborre I’m Flo, shy of peeps, you know. But  
when he beetles backwards, ain’t I fly? Pull the boughpee to see  
how we sleep. Bee Peep! Peepette! Would you like that lump of  
a tongue for lungeon or this Turkey’s delighter, hys hyphen  
mys? My bellyswain’s a twalf whulerusspower though he knows  
as much how to man a wife as Dunckle Dalton of matching wools.  
Shake hands through the thicketloch! Sweet swanwater! My  
other is mouthfilled. This kissing wold’s full of killing fellows  
kneeling voyantly to the cope of heaven. And somebody’s com-  
ing, I feel for a fect. I’ve a seeklet to sell thee if old Deanns won’t  
be threaspanning. When you’ll next have the mind to retire to  
be wicked this is as dainty a way as any. Underwoods spells bush-  
ment’s business. So if you sprig poplar you’re bound to twig this.  
’Twas my lord of Glendalough benedixed the gape for me that  
time at Long Entry, commanding the approaches to my intimast  
innermost. Look how they’re browthered! Six thirteens at Blanche  
de Blanche’s of 3 Behind Street and 2 Turnagain Lane. Awabeg  
is my callby, Magnus here’s my Max, Wonder One’s my cipher  
and Seven Sisters is my nighbrood. Radouga, Rab will ye na  
pick them in their pink of panties. You can colour up till you’re%j%

