format: snippet


%ni%taal that brooks no brooking runs on to say how, as it was  
mutualiter foretold of him by a timekiller to his spacemaker, velos  
ambos and arubyat knychts, with their tales within wheels and  
stucks between spokes, on the hike from Elmstree to Stene and  
back, how, running awage with the use of reason (sics) and  
ramming amok at the brake of his voice (secs), his lasterhalft  
was set for getting the besterwhole of his yougendtougend, for  
control number thrice was operating the subliminal of his invaded  
personality. He nobit smorfi and go poltri and let all the tondo  
gang bola del ruffo. Barto no know him mor. Eat larto altruis  
with most perfect stranger.

Boo, you’re through!

Hoo, I’m true!

Men, teacan a tea simmering, hamo mavrone kerry O?

Teapotty. Teapotty.

Kod knows. Anything ruind. Meetingless.

He wept indeiterum. With such a tooth he seemed to love his  
wee tart when abuy. Highly momourning he see the before him.  
Melained from nape to kneecap though vied from her girders up.  
Holy Santalto, cursing saint, sight most deletious to ross up the  
spyballs like exude of margary! And how him it heaviered that  
eyerim rust! An they bare falls witless against thee how slight  
becomes a hidden wound? Soldwoter he wash him all time big-  
feller bruisy place blong him. He no want missies blong all boy  
other look bruisy place blong him. Hence. It will paineth the  
chastenot in that where of his whence he had loseth his once for  
every, even though mode grow moramor maenneritsch and the  
Tarara boom decay. Immaculacy, give but to drink to his shirt  
and all skirtaskortas must change her tunics. So warred he from  
first to last, forebanned and betweenly, a smuggler for lifer. Lift  
the blank ve veered as heil! Split the hvide and aye seize heaven!  
He knows for he’s seen it in black and white through his eye-  
trompit trained upon jenny’s and all that sort of thing which is  
dandymount to a clearobscure. Prettimaid tints may try their  
taunts: apple, bacchante, custard, dove, eskimo, feldgrau, hema-  
tite, isingglass, jet, kipper, lucile, mimosa, nut, oysterette, prune,%j%

