format: snippet


%ni%*Villumses*, this Mr Heer Assassor Neelson, of sorestate hearing,  
diseased, formarly with Adenoiks, den feed all Lighty, laxtleap  
great change of retiring family buckler, highly accurect in his  
everythinks, from tencents coupoll to bargain basement, live with  
howthold of nummer seven, wideawake, woundabout, wokin-  
betts, weeklings, in black velvet on geolgian mission senest mangy  
years his rear in the lane pictures, blanking same with autonaut  
and annexes and got a daarlingt babyboy bucktooth, the thick of  
a gobstick, coming on ever so nerses nursely, gracies to goodess,  
at 81. That why all parks up excited about his gunnfodder. That  
why ecrazyaztecs and the crime ministers preaching him morn-  
ings and makes a power of spoon vittles out of his praverbs. That  
why he, persona erecta, glycorawman arsenicful femorniser, for  
a trial by julias, in celestial sunhat, with two purses agitatating  
his theopot with wokklebout shake, rather incoherend, from one  
18 to one 18 biss, young shy gay youngs. Sympoly far infusing  
up pritty tipidities to lock up their rhainodaisies and be nice  
and twainty in the shade. Old grand tuttut toucher up of young  
poetographies and he turn aroundabrupth red altfrumpishly like  
hear samhar tionnor falls some make one noise. It’s his last lap,  
Gigantic, fare him weal! Revelation! A fact. True bill. By a jury  
of matrons. Hump for humbleness, dump for dirts. And, to make  
a long stoney badder and a whorly show a parfect sight, his Thing  
went the wholyway retup Suffrogate Strate.

Helpmeat too, contrasta toga, his fiery goosemother, laotsey  
taotsey, woman who did, he tell princes of the age about. You  
sound on me, judges! Suppose we brisken up. Kings! Meet the  
Mem, Avenlith, all viviparous out of couple of lizards. She just as  
fenny as he is fulgar. How laat soever her latest still her sawlogs  
come up all standing. Psing a psalm of psexpeans, apocryphul of  
rhyme! His cheekmole of allaph foriverever her allinall and his  
Kuran never teachit her the be the owner of thyself. So she not  
swop her eckcot hjem for Howarden’s Castle, Englandwales. But  
be the alleance of iern on his flamen vestacoat, the fibule of brooch-  
bronze to his wintermantle of pointefox. Who not knows she, the  
Madame Cooley-Couley, spawife to laird of manna, when first%j%

