format: snippet


%ni%elb. Quick, look at her cute and saise her quirk for the bicker she  
lives the slicker she grows. Save us and tagus! No more? Werra  
where in ourthe did you ever pick a Lambay chop as big as a  
battering ram? Ay, you’re right. I’m epte to forgetting, Like  
Liviam Liddle did Loveme Long. The linth of my hough, I say!  
She wore a ploughboy’s nailstudded clogs, a pair of ploughfields  
in themselves: a sugarloaf hat with a gaudyquiviry peak and a  
band of gorse for an arnoment and a hundred streamers dancing  
off it and a guildered pin to pierce it: owlglassy bicycles boggled  
her eyes: and a fishnetzeveil for the sun not to spoil the wrinklings  
of her hydeaspects: potatorings boucled the loose laubes of her  
laudsnarers: her nude cuba stockings were salmospotspeckled: she  
sported a galligo shimmy of hazevaipar tinto that never was fast  
till it ran in the washing: stout stays, the rivals, lined her length:  
her bloodorange bockknickers, a two in one garment, showed  
natural nigger boggers, fancyfastened, free to undo: her black-  
stripe tan joseph was sequansewn and teddybearlined, with wavy  
rushgreen epaulettes and a leadown here and there of royal  
swansruff: a brace of gaspers stuck in her hayrope garters: her  
civvy codroy coat with alpheubett buttons was boundaried round  
with a twobar tunnel belt: a fourpenny bit in each pocketside  
weighed her safe from the blowaway windrush; she had a clothes-  
peg tight astride on her joki’s nose and she kep on grinding a  
sommething quaint in her fiumy mouth and the rrreke of the  
fluve of the tail of the gawan of her snuffdrab siouler’s skirt  
trailed ffiffty odd Irish miles behind her lungarhodes.

Hellsbells, I’m sorry I missed her! Sweet gumptyum and no-  
body fainted! But in whelk of her mouths? Was her naze alight?  
Everyone that saw her said the dowce little delia looked a bit  
queer. Lotsy trotsy, mind the poddle! Missus, be good and don’t  
fol in the say! Fenny poor hex she must have charred. Kickhams  
a frumpier ever you saw! Making mush mullet’s eyes at her boys  
dobelon. And they crowned her their chariton queen, all the  
maids. Of the may? You don’t say! Well for her she couldn’t  
see herself. I recknitz wharfore the darling murrayed her mirror.  
She did? Mersey me! There was a koros of drouthdropping sur-%j%

