format: snippet


%ni%was. Hovobovo hafogate hokidimatzi in kamicha! He had his  
sperrits all foulen on him; to vet, most griposly, he was bedizzled  
and debuzzled; he had his tristiest cabaleer on; and looked like  
bruddy Hal. A shelling a cockshy and be donkey shot at? Or a  
peso besant to join the armada?

But, Sin Showpanza, could anybroddy which walked this world  
with eyes whiteopen have looked twinsomer than the kerl he left  
behind him? Candidatus, viridosus, aurilucens, sinelab? Of all  
the green heroes everwore coton breiches, the whitemost, the  
goldenest! How he stud theirs with himselfs mookst kevinly, and  
that anterevolitionary, the churchman childfather from tonsor’s  
tuft to almonder’s toes, a haggiography in duotrigesumy, son  
soptimost of sire sixtusks, of Mayaqueenies sign osure, hevnly  
buddhy time, inwreathed of his near cissies, a mickly dazzly eely  
oily with looiscurrals, a soulnetzer by zvesdals priestessd, their  
trail the tractive, and dem dandypanies knows de play of de eye-  
lids, with his gamecox spurts and his smile likequid glue (the  
suessiest sourir ever weanling wore), whiles his host of spritties,  
lusspillerindernees, they went peahenning a ripidarapidarpad  
around him, pilgrim prinkips, kerilour kevinour, in neuchoristic  
congressulations, quite purringly excited, rpdrpd, allauding to  
him by all the licknames in the litany with the terms in which  
no little dulsy nayer ever thinks about implying except to her  
future’s year and sending him perfume most praypuffs to setis-  
fire more then to teasim (shllwe help, now you’ve massmuled,  
you t’rigolect a bit? yismik? yimissy?) that he, the finehued, the  
fairhailed, the farahead, might bouchesave unto each but every-  
one, asfar as safras durst assune, the havemercyonhurs of his  
kissier licence. Meanings: Andure the enjurious till imbetther rer.  
We know you like Latin with essies impures, (and your liber as  
they sea) we certney like gurgles love the nargleygargley so, arrah-  
beejee, tell that old frankay boyuk to bellows upthe tombucky in  
his tumtum argan and give us a gust of his gushy old. Goof!

Hymnumber twentynine. O, the singing! Happy little girly-  
cums to have adolphted such an Adelphus! O, the swinginging  
hopops so goholden! They’ve come to chant en chor. They say%j%

