format: snippet


%ni%The pearlagraph, the pearlagraph, knew whitchly whether to weep  
or laugh. For always down in Carolinas lovely Dinahs vaunt their  
view.

Poor Isa sits a glooming so gleaming in the gloaming; the tin-  
celles a touch tarnished wind no lovelinoise awound her swan’s.  
Hey, lass! Woefear gleam she so glooming, this pooripathete I  
solde? Her beauman’s gone of a cool. Be good enough to symper-  
ise. If he’s at anywhere she’s therefor to join him. If it’s to no-  
where she’s going to too. Buf if he’ll go to be a son to France’s  
she’ll stay daughter of Clare. Bring tansy, throw myrtle, strew  
rue, rue, rue. She is fading out like Journee’s clothes so you can’t  
see her now. Still we know how Day the Dyer works, in dims  
and deeps and dusks and darks. And among the shades that Eve’s  
now wearing she’ll meet anew fiancy, tryst and trow. Mammy  
was, Mimmy is, Minuscoline’s to be. In the Dee dips a dame and  
the dame desires a demselle but the demselle dresses dolly and  
the dolly does a dulcydamble. The same renew. For though  
she’s unmerried she’ll after truss up and help that hussyband how  
to hop. Hip it and trip it and chirrub and sing. Lord Chuffy’s sky  
sheraph and Glugg’s got to swing.

So and so, toe by toe, to and fro they go round, for they are the  
ingelles, scattering nods as girls who may, for they are an angel’s  
garland.

Catchmire stockings, libertyed garters, shoddyshoes, quicked  
out with selver. Pennyfair caps on pinnyfore frocks and a ring on  
her fomefing finger. And they leap so looply, looply, as they link  
to light. And they look so loovely, loovelit, noosed in a nuptious  
night. Withasly glints in. Andecoy glants out. They ramp it a  
little, a lessle, a lissle. Then rompride round in rout.

Say them all but tell them apart, cadenzando coloratura! R is  
Rubretta and A is Arancia, Y is for Yilla and N for greeneriN. B  
is Boyblue with odalisque O while W waters the fleurettes of no-  
vembrance. Though they’re all but merely a schoolgirl yet these  
way went they. I’ th’ view o’ th’avignue dancing goes entrancing  
roundly. Miss Oodles of Anems before the Luvium doeslike. So.  
And then again doeslike. So. And miss Endles of Eons efter Dies%j%

