format: snippet


Hear, O worldwithout! Tiny tattling! Backwoods, be wary!  
Daintytrees, go dutch!

But who comes yond with pire on poletop? He who relights  
our spearing torch, the moon. Bring lolave branches to mud  
cabins and peace to the tents of Ceder, Neomenie! The feast of  
Tubbournigglers is at hand. Shopshup. Inisfail! Timple temple  
tells the bells. In syngagyng a sangasongue. For all in Ondslos-  
by. And, the hag they damename Coverfew hists from her lane.  
And haste, ’tis time for bairns ta hame. Chickchilds, comeho to  
roo. Comehome to roo, wee chickchilds doo, when the wild-  
worewolf’s abroad. Ah, let’s away and let’s gay and let’s stay  
chez where the log foyer’s burning!

It darkles, (tinct, tint) all this our funnaminal world. Yon  
marshpond by ruodmark verge is visited by the tide. Alvem-  
marea! We are circumveiloped by obscuritads. Man and belves  
frieren. There is a wish on them to be not doing or anything. Or  
just for rugs. Zoo koud! Drr, deff, coal lay on and, pzz, call us  
pyrress! Ha. Where is our highly honourworthy salutable spouse-  
founderess? The foolish one of the family is within. Haha! Huzoor,  
where’s he? At house, to’s pitty. With Nancy Hands.Tcheetchee!  
Hound through the maize has fled. What hou! Isegrim under  
lolling ears. Far wol! And wheaten bells bide breathless. All. The  
trail of Gill not yet is to be seen, rocksdrops, up benn, down  
dell, a craggy road for rambling. Nor yet through starland that  
silver sash. What era’s o’ering? Lang gong late. Say long, scielo!  
Sillume, see lo! Selene, sail O! Amune! Ark!? Noh?! Nought  
stirs in spinney. The swayful pathways of the dragonfly spider  
stay still in reedery. Quiet takes back her folded fields. Tranquille  
thanks. Adew. In deerhaven, imbraced, alleged, injoynted and  
unlatched, the birds, tommelise too, quail silent. ii. Luathan?  
Nuathan! Was avond ere a while. Now conticinium. As Lord  
the Laohun is sheutseuyes. The time of lying together will come  
and the wildering of the nicht till cockeedoodle aubens Aurore.  
Panther monster. Send leabarrow loads amorrow. While loevdom  
shleeps. Elenfant has siang his triump, Great is Eliphas Magis-  
trodontos and after kneeprayer pious for behemuth and mahamoth%j%

