format: snippet


%ni%tellable with what hung over to the Machonochie Middle from  
the MacSiccaries of the Breeks. Home!

Allwhile, moush missuies from mungy monsie, preying in  
his mind, son of Everallin, within himself, he swure. Macnoon  
maggoty mag! Cross of a coppersmith bishop! He would split.  
He do big squeal like holy Trichepatte. Seek hells where from  
yank islanders the petriote’s absolation. Mocknitza! Genik! He  
take skiff come first dagrene day overwide tumbler, rough and  
dark, till when bow of the shower show of the bower with three  
shirts and a wind, pagoda permettant, crookolevante, the bruce,  
the coriolano and the ignacio. From prudals to the secular but  
from the cumman to the nowter. Byebye, Brassolis, I’m breaving!  
Our war, Dully Gray! A conansdream of lodascircles, he here  
schlucefinis. Gelchasser no more! Mischnary for the minestrary  
to all the sems of Aram. Shimach, eon of Era. Mum’s for’s  
maxim, ban’s for’s book and Dodgesome Dora for hedgehung  
sheolmastress. And Unkel Silanse coach in diligence. Discon-  
nection of the succeeding. He wholehog himself for carberry  
banishment care of Pencylmania, Bretish Armerica, to melt Mrs  
Gloria of the Bunkers’ Trust, recorporated, (prunty!) by meteo-  
romancy and linguified heissrohgin, quit to hail a hurry laracor  
and catch the Paname-Turricum and regain that absendee tarry  
easty, his città immediata, by an alley and detour with farecard  
awailable getrennty years. Right for Rovy the Roder. From the  
safe side of distance! Libera, nostalgia! Beate Laurentie O’Tuli,  
Euro pra nobis! Every monk his own cashel where every little  
ligger is his own liogotenente with inclined jambs in full purview  
to his pronaose and to the deretane at his reredoss. Fuisfinister,  
fuyerescaper! He would, with the greatest of ease, before of  
weighting midhook, by dear home trashold on the raging canal,  
for othersites of Jorden, (heave a hevy, waterboy!) make one  
of hissens with a knockonacow and a chow collegions and fire  
off, gheol ghiornal, foull subustioned mullmud, his farced epistol  
to the hibruws. From Cernilius slomtime prepositus of Toumaria  
to the clutch in Anteach. Salvo! Ladigs and jointuremen! No more  
turdenskaulds! Free leaves for ebribadies! All tinsammon in the%j%

