format: snippet


%ni%Wickenlow, garden of Erin, before she ever dreamt she’d lave  
Kilbride and go foaming under Horsepass bridge, with the great  
southerwestern windstorming her traces and the midland’s grain-  
waster asarch for her track, to wend her ways byandby, robecca  
or worse, to spin and to grind, to swab and to thrash, for all her  
golden lifey in the barleyfields and pennylotts of Humphrey’s  
fordofhurdlestown and lie with a landleaper, wellingtonorseher.  
Alesse, the lagos of girly days! For the dove of the dunas! Was-  
ut? Izod? Are you sarthin suir? Not where the Finn fits into the  
Mourne, not where the Nore takes lieve of Blœm, not where the  
Braye divarts the Farer, not where the Moy changez her minds  
twixt Cullin and Conn tween Cunn and Collin? Or where Neptune  
sculled and Tritonville rowed and leandros three bumped heroines  
two? Neya, narev, nen, nonni, nos! Then whereabouts in Ow and  
Ovoca? Was it yst with wyst or Lucan Yokan or where the hand  
of man has never set foot? Dell me where, the fairy ferse time! I  
will if you listen. You know the dinkel dale of Luggelaw? Well,  
there once dwelt a local heremite, Michael Arklow was his river-  
end name, (with many a sigh I aspersed his lavabibs!) and one  
venersderg in junojuly, oso sweet and so cool and so limber she  
looked, Nance the Nixie, Nanon L’Escaut, in the silence, of the sy-  
comores, all listening, the kindling curves you simply can’t stop  
feeling, he plunged both of his newly anointed hands, the core of  
his cushlas, in her singimari saffron strumans of hair, parting them  
and soothing her and mingling it, that was deepdark and ample  
like this red bog at sundown. By that Vale Vowclose’s lucydlac,  
the reignbeau’s heavenarches arronged orranged her. Afroth-  
dizzying galbs, her enamelled eyes indergoading him on to the  
vierge violetian. Wish a wish! Why a why? Mavro! Letty Lerck’s  
lafing light throw those laurals now on her daphdaph teasesong  
petrock. Maass! But the majik wavus has elfun anon meshes.  
And Simba the Slayer of his Oga is slewd. He cuddle not help  
himself, thurso that hot on him, he had to forget the monk in  
the man so, rubbing her up and smoothing her down, he baised  
his lippes in smiling mood, kiss akiss after kisokushk (as he  
warned her niver to, niver to, nevar) on Anna-na-Poghue’s of%j%

