format: snippet


%ni%of Eirae doeslike. So. And then again doeslike. So. The many  
wiles of Winsure.

The grocer’s bawd she slips her hand in the haricot bag, the  
lady in waiting sips her sup from the paraffin can, Mrs Wildhare  
Quickdoctor helts her skelts up the casuaway the flasht instinct  
she herds if a tinkle of tunder, the widow Megrievy she knits cats’  
cradles, this bountiful actress leashes a harrier under her tongue,  
and here’s the girl who she’s kneeled in coldfashion and she’s told  
her priest (spt!) she’s pot on a chap (chp!) and this lass not least,  
this rickissime woman, who she writes foot fortunes money times  
over in the nursery dust with her capital thumb. Buzz. All run-  
away sheep bound back bopeep, trailing their teenes behind  
them. And these ways wend they. And those ways went they.  
Winnie, Olive and Beatrice, Nelly and Ida, Amy and Rue. Here  
they come back, all the gay pack, for they are the florals, from  
foncey and pansey to papavere’s blush, foresake-me-nought,  
while there’s leaf there’s hope, with primtim’s ruse and marry-  
may’s blossom, all the flowers of the ancelles’ garden.

But vicereversing thereout from those palms of perfection to  
anger arbour, treerack monatan, scroucely out of scout of ocean,  
virid with woad, what tornaments of complementary rages rocked  
the divlun from his punchpoll to his tummy’s shentre as he dis-  
plaid all the oathword science of his visible disgrace. He was  
feeling so funny and floored for the cue, all over which girls as  
he don’t know whose hue. If goosseys gazious would but fain  
smile him a smile he would be fondling a praise he ate some nice  
bit of fluff. But no geste reveals the unconnouth. They’re all  
odds against him, the beasties. Scratch. Start.

He dove his head into Wat Murrey, gave Stewart Ryall a puck  
on the plexus, wrestled a hurry-come-union with the Gillie Beg,  
wiped all his sinses, martial and menial, out of Shrove Sundy  
MacFearsome, excremuncted as freely as any frothblower into  
MacIsaac, had a belting bout, chaste to chaste, with McAdoo  
about nothing and, childhood’s age being aye the shameleast, tel  
a Tartaran tastarin toothsome tarrascone tourtoun, vestimentiv-  
orous chlamydophagian, imbretellated himself for any time un-%j%

