format: snippet


%ni%more and merrier, twills and trills, sparefours and spoilfives, nord-  
sihkes and sudsevers and ayes and neins to a litter. Grandfarthring  
nap and Messamisery and the knave of all knaves and the joker.  
Heehaw! She must have been a gadabount in her day, so she  
must, more than most. Shoal she was, gidgad. She had a flewmen  
of her owen. Then a toss nare scared that lass, so aimai moe,  
that’s agapo! Tell me, tell me, how cam she camlin through all  
her fellows, the neckar she was, the diveline? Casting her perils  
before our swains from Fonte-in-Monte to Tidingtown and  
from Tidingtown tilhavet. Linking one and knocking the next,  
tapting a flank and tipting a jutty and palling in and pietaring  
out and clyding by on her eastway. Waiwhou was the first thur-  
ever burst? Someone he was, whuebra they were, in a tactic attack  
or in single combat. Tinker, tilar, souldrer, salor, Pieman Peace  
or Polistaman. That’s the thing I’m elwys on edge to esk. Push  
up and push vardar and come to uphill headquarters! Was it  
waterlows year, after Grattan or Flood, or when maids were in  
Arc or when three stood hosting? Fidaris will find where the  
Doubt arises like Nieman from Nirgends found the Nihil. Worry  
you sighin foh, Albern, O Anser? Untie the gemman’s fistiknots,  
Qvic and Nuancee! She can’t put her hand on him for the mo-  
ment. Tez thelon langlo, walking weary! Such a loon waybash-  
wards to row! She sid herself she hardly knows whuon the annals  
her graveller was, a dynast of Leinster, a wolf of the sea, or what  
he did or how blyth she played or how, when, why, where and  
who offon he jumpnad her and how it was gave her away. She  
was just a young thin pale soft shy slim slip of a thing then,  
sauntering, by silvamoonlake and he was a heavy trudging  
lurching lieabroad of a Curraghman, making his hay for whose  
sun to shine on, as tough as the oaktrees (peats be with them!)  
used to rustle that time down by the dykes of killing Kildare,  
for forstfellfoss with a plash across her. She thought she’s sankh  
neathe the ground with nymphant shame when he gave her the  
tigris eye! O happy fault! Me wish it was he! You’re wrong there,  
corribly wrong! Tisn’t only tonight you’re anacheronistic! It  
was ages behind that when nullahs were nowhere, in county%j%

