format: snippet


%ni%on. Mirrylamb, she was shuffering all the diseasinesses of the un-  
herd of. Mary Louisan Shousapinas! If Arck could no more salve  
his agnols from the wiles of willy wooly woolf! If all the airish  
signics of her dipandump helpabit from an Father Hogam till  
the Mutther Masons could not that Glugg to catch her by the  
calour of her brideness! Not Rose, Sevilla nor Citronelle; not  
Esmeralde, Pervinca nor Indra; not Viola even nor all of them  
four themes over. But, the monthage stick in the melmelode jawr,  
I am (twintomine) all thees thing. Up tighty in the front, down  
again on the loose, drim and drumming on her back and a pop  
from her whistle. What is that, O holytroopers? Isot givin yoe?

Up he stulpled, glee you gees, with search a fling did die near  
sea, beamy owen and calmy hugh and if you what you my call for  
me I will wishyoumaycull for you.

And they are met, face a facing. They are set, force to force.  
And no such Copenhague-Marengo was less so fated for a fall  
since in Glenasmole of Smiling Thrushes Patch Whyte passed  
O’Sheen ascowl.

Arrest thee, scaldbrother! came the evangelion, sabre accu-  
sant, from all Saint Joan’s Wood to kill or maim him, and be  
dumm but ill s’arrested. Et would proffer to his delected one the  
his trifle from the grass.

A space. Who are you? The cat’s mother. A time. What do  
you lack? The look of a queen.

But what is that which is one going to prehend? Seeks, buzzling  
is brains, the feinder.

The howtosayto itiswhatis hemustwhomust worden schall.  
A darktongues, kunning. O theoperil! Ethiaop lore, the poor lie.  
He askit of the hoothed fireshield but it was untergone into the  
matthued heaven. He soughed it from the luft but that bore ne  
mark ne message. He luked upon the bloomingrund where ongly  
his corns were growning. At last he listed back to beckline how  
she pranked alone so johntily. The skand for schooling.

With nought a wired from the wordless either.

Item. He was hardset then. He wented to go (somewhere) while  
he was weeting. Utem. He wished to grieve on the good persons, that%j%

