format: snippet


%ni%grains of incense anguille bronze. And after that she wove a gar-  
land for her hair. She pleated it. She plaited it. Of meadowgrass  
and riverflags, the bulrush and waterweed, and of fallen griefs of  
weeping willow. Then she made her bracelets and her anklets  
and her armlets and a jetty amulet for necklace of clicking cobbles  
and pattering pebbles and rumbledown rubble, richmond and  
rehr, of Irish rhunerhinerstones and shellmarble bangles. That  
done, a dawk of smut to her airy ey, Annushka Lutetiavitch  
Pufflovah, and the lellipos cream to her lippeleens and the pick  
of the paintbox for her pommettes, from strawbirry reds to  
extra violates, and she sendred her boudeloire maids to His  
Affluence, Ciliegia Grande and Kirschie Real, the two chirsines,  
with respecks from his missus, seepy and sewery, and a request  
might she passe of him for a minnikin. A call to pay and light a  
taper, in Brie-on-Arrosa, back in a sprizzling. The cock striking  
mine, the stalls bridely sign, there’s Zambosy waiting for Me!  
She said she wouldn’t be half her length away. Then, then, as  
soon as the lump his back was turned, with her mealiebag slang  
over her shulder, Anna Livia, oysterface, forth of her bassein  
came.

Describe her! Hustle along, why can’t you? Spitz on the iern  
while it’s hot. I wouldn’t miss her for irthing on nerthe. Not for  
the lucre of lomba strait. Oceans of Gaud, I mosel hear that!  
Ogowe presta! Leste, before Julia sees her! Ishekarry and washe-  
meskad, the carishy caratimaney? Whole lady fair? Duodecimo-  
roon? Bon a ventura? Malagassy? What had she on, the liddel oud  
oddity? How much did she scallop, harness and weights? Here  
she is, Amnisty Ann! Call her calamity electrifies man.

No electress at all but old Moppa Necessity, angin mother of  
injons. I’ll tell you a test. But you must sit still. Will you hold  
your peace and listen well to what I am going to say now? It  
might have been ten or twenty to one of the night of Allclose or  
the nexth of April when the flip of her hoogly igloo flappered and  
out toetippit a bushman woman, the dearest little moma ever  
you saw, nodding around her, all smiles, with ems of embarras  
and aues to awe, between two ages, a judyqueen, not up to your%j%

