format: snippet


%ni%Tark’s bimboowood so pleasekindly communicake with the  
original sinse we are only yearning as yet how to burgeon. It’s  
meant milliems of centiments deadlost or mislaid on them but,  
master of snakes, we can sloughchange in the nip of a napple  
solongas we can allsee for deedsetton your quick. By the hook  
in your look we’re eyed for aye were you begging the questuan  
with your lutean bowl round Monkmesserag. And whenever  
you’re tingling in your trout we’re sure to be tangled in our tice-  
ments. It’s game, ma chère, be offwith your shepherdress on! Up-  
some cauda! Behose our handmades for the lured! To these nunce  
we are but yours in ammatures yet well come that day we shall ope  
to be ores. Then shalt thou see, seeing, the sight. No more hoax-  
ites! Nay more gifting in mennage! A her’s fancy for a his friend  
and then that fellow yours after this follow ours. Vania, Vania  
Vaniorum, Domne Vanias!

Hightime is ups be it down into outs according! When there  
shall be foods for vermin as full as feeds for the fett, eat on earth  
as there’s hot in oven. When every Klitty of a scolderymeid shall  
hold every yardscullion’s right to stimm her uprecht for whimso-  
ever, whether on privates, whather in publics. And when all us  
romance catholeens shall have ones for all amanseprated. And the  
world is maidfree. Methanks. So much for His Meignysthy man!  
And all his bigyttens. So till Coquette to tell Cockotte to teach  
Connie Curley to touch Cattie Hayre and tip Carminia to tap La  
Chérie though where the diggings he dwellst amongst us here’s  
nobody knows save Mary. Whyfor we go ringing hands in hands  
in gyrogyrorondo.

These bright elects, consentconsorted, they were waltzing up  
their willside with their princesome handsome angeline chiuff  
while in those wherebus there wont bears way (mearing un-  
known, a place where pigeons carry fire to seethe viands, a miry  
hill, belge end sore footh) oaths and screams and bawley groans  
with a belchybubhub and a hellabelow bedemmed and bediabbled  
the arimaining lucisphere. Helldsdend, whelldselse! Lonedom’s  
breach lay foulend up uncouth not be broched by punns and  
reedles. Yet the ring gayed rund rorosily with a drat for a brat%j%

