format: snippet


%ni%ment in the pit. Accidental music providentially arranged by  
L’Archet and Laccorde. Melodiotiosities in purefusion by the  
score. To start with in the beginning, we need hirtly bemark,  
a community prayer, everyone for himself, and to conclude  
with as an exodus, we think it well to add, a chorale in canon,  
good for us all for us all us all all. Songs betune the acts by  
the ambiamphions of Annapolis, Joan MockComic, male so-  
prano, and Jean Souslevin, bass noble, respectively: O, Mester  
Sogermon, ef thes es whot ye deux, then I’m not surpleased ye  
want that bottle of Sauvequipeu and Oh Off Nunch Der Rasche  
Ver Lasse Mitsch Nitscht. Till the summit scenes of climbacks  
castastrophear, *The Bearded Mountain* (Polymop Barethe-  
rootsch), and *The River Romps to Nursery* (Maidykins in Undi-  
form). The whole thugogmagog, including the portions under-  
stood to be oddmitted as the results of the respective titulars  
neglecting to produce themselves, to be wound up for an after-  
enactment by a Magnificent Transformation Scene showing the  
Radium Wedding of Neid and Moorning and the Dawn of  
Peace, Pure, Perfect and Perpetual, Waking the Weary of the  
World.

An argument follows.

Chuffy was a nangel then and his soard fleshed light like like-  
ning. Fools top! Singty, sangty, meekly loose, defendy nous from  
prowlabouts. Make a shine on the curst. Emen.

But the duvlin sulph was in Glugger, that lost-to-lurning.  
Punct. He was sbuffing and sputing, tussing like anisine, whip-  
ping his eyesoult and gnatsching his teats over the brividies from  
existers and the outher liubbocks of life. He halth kelchy chosen  
a clayblade and makes prayses to his three of clubs. To part from  
these, my corsets, is into overlusting fear. Acts of feet, hoof and  
jarrety: athletes longfoot. Djowl, uphere!

Aminxt that nombre of evelings, but how pierceful in their so-  
jestiveness were those first girly stirs, with zitterings of flight re-  
leased and twinglings of twitchbells in rondel after, with waver-  
ings that made shimmershake rather naightily all the duskcended  
airs and shylit beaconings from shehind hims back. Sammy, call%j%

