format: snippet


%ni%will rest him from tusker toils. Salamsalaim! Rhinohorn isnoutso  
pigfellow but him ist gonz wurst. Kikikuki. Hopopodorme. So-  
beast! No chare of beagles, frantling of peacocks, no muzzing of  
the camel, smuttering of apes. Lights, pageboy, lights! Brights  
we’ll be brights. With help of Hanoukan’s lamp. When otter  
leaps in outer parts then Yul remembers Mei. Her hung maid  
mohns are bluming, look, to greet those loes on coast of amethyst;  
arcglow’s seafire siemens lure and wextward warnerforth’s hooker-  
crookers. And now with robby brerfox’s fishy fable lissaned out,  
the threads simwhat toran and knots in its antargumends, the  
pesciolines in Liffeyetta’s bowl have stopped squiggling about  
Junoh and the whalk and feriaquintaism and pebble infinibility  
and the poissission of the hoghly course. And if Lubbernabohore  
laid his horker to the ribber, save the giregargoh and dabardin  
going on in his mount of knowledge (munt), he would not hear  
a flip flap in all Finnyland. Witchman, watch of your night? Es  
voes, ez noes, nott voes, ges, noun. It goes. It does not go. Dark-  
park’s acoo with sucking loves. Rosimund’s by her wishing well.  
Soon tempt-in-twos will stroll at venture and hunt-by-threes strut  
musketeering. Brace of girdles, brasse of beauys. With the width  
of the way for jogjoy. Hulker’s cieclest elbownunsense. Hold  
hard! And his dithering dathering waltzers of. Stright! But meet-  
ings mate not as forsehn. Hesperons! And if you wand to Liv-  
mouth, wenderer, while Jempson’s weed decks Jacqueson’s Island,  
here lurks, bar hellpelhullpulthebell, none iron welcome. Bing.  
Bong. Bangbong. Thunderation! You took with the mulligrubs  
and we lack mulsum? No sirrebob! Great goodness, no! Were  
you Marely quean of Scuts or but Chrestien the Last, (our duty  
to you, chris! royalty, squat!) how matt your mark, though  
luked your johl, here’s dapplebellied mugs and troublebedded  
rooms and sawdust strown in expectoration and for ratification by  
specification of your information, Mr Knight, tuntapster, buttles;  
his alefru’s up to his hip. And Watsy Lyke sees after all rinsings  
and don’t omiss Kate, homeswab homely, put in with the bricks.  
A’s the sign and one’s the number. Where Chavvyout Chacer  
calls the cup and Pouropourim stands astirrup. De oud huis bij%j%

