format: snippet


%ni%is the four gentlemen. Otem. And it was not a long time till he was  
feeling true forim he was goodda purssia and it was short after that  
he was fooling mehaunt to mehynte he was an injine ruber. Etem.  
He was at his thinker’s aunts to give (the four gentlemen) the presence  
(of a curpse). And this is what he would be willing. He fould the  
fourd; they found the hurtled stones; they fell ill with the gravy  
duck: and he sod town with the roust of the meast. Atem.

Towhere byhangs ourtales.

Ah ho! This poor Glugg! It was so said of him about of his old  
fontmouther. Truly deplurabel! A dire, O dire! And all the freight-  
fullness whom he inhebited after his colline born janitor. Some-  
time towerable! With that hehry antlets on him and the bauble-  
light bulching out of his sockets whiling away she sprankled his  
allover with her noces of interregnation: How do you do tha-t lack  
a lock and pass the poker, please? And bids him tend her, lute  
and airly. Sing, sweetharp, thing to me anone! So that Glugg,  
the poor one, in that limbopool which was his subnesciousness  
he could scares of all knotknow whither his morrder had bourst  
a blabber or if the vogalstones that hit his tynpan was that mearly  
his skoll missed her. Misty’s trompe or midst his flooting? Ah,  
ho! Cicely, awe!

The youngly delightsome frilles-in-pleyurs are now showen  
drawen, if bud one, or, if in florileague, drawens up consociately  
at the hinder sight of their commoner guardian. Her boy fiend or  
theirs, if they are so plurielled, cometh up as a trapadour, sinking  
how he must fand for himself by gazework what their colours  
wear as they are all showen drawens up. Tireton, cacheton, tire-  
ton, ba! Doth that not satisfy youth, sir? Quanty purty bellas,  
here, Madama Lifay! And what are you going to charm them to,  
Madama, do say? Cinderynelly angled her slipper; it was cho  
chiny yet braught her a groom. He will angskt of them from their  
commoner guardian at next lineup (who is really the rapier of the  
two though thother brother can hold his own, especially for he  
bandished it with his hand the hold time, mamain, a simply gra-  
cious: Mi, O la!), and reloose that thong off his art: Hast thou feel  
liked carbunckley ones? Apun which his poohoor pricoxity theirs%j%

