format: snippet


Was he pitssched for an ensemple as certain have dognosed of  
him against our seawall by Rurie, Thoath and Cleaver, those  
three stout sweynhearts, Orion of the Orgiasts, Meereschal Mac-  
Muhun, the Ipse dadden, product of the extremes giving quoti-  
dients to our means, as might occur to anyone, your brutest  
layaman with the princest champion in our archdeaconry, or so  
yclept from Clio’s clippings, which the chroncher of chivalries  
is sulpicious save he scan, for ancients link with presents as the  
human chain extends, have done, do and will again as John, Poly-  
carp and lrenews eye-to-eye ayewitnessed and to Paddy Palmer,  
while monks sell yew to archers or the water of the livvying  
goes the way of all fish from Sara’s drawhead, the corralsome, to  
Isaac’s, the lauphed butt one, with her minnelisp extorreor to his  
moanolothe inturned? So Perrichon with Bastienne or heavy  
Humph with airy Nan, Ricqueracqbrimbillyjicqueyjocqjolicass?  
How sowesthow, *dullcisamica*? A and aa ab ad abu abiad. A  
babbel men dub gulch of tears.

The mar of murmury mermers to the mind’s ear, uncharted  
rock, evasive weed. Only the caul knows his thousandfirst name,  
Hocus Crocus, Esquilocus, Finnfinn the Faineant, how feel full  
foes in furrinarr! Doth it not all come aft to you, puritysnooper,  
in the way television opes longtimes ofter when Potollomuck  
Sotyr or Sourdanapplous the Lollapaloosa? The charges are, you  
will remember, the chances are, you won’t; bit it’s old Joe, the  
Java Jane, older even than Odam Costollo, and we are recur-  
rently meeting em, par Mahun Mesme, in cycloannalism, from  
space to space, time after time, in various phases of scripture as  
in various poses of sepulture. Greets Godd, Groceries! Merodach!  
Defend the King! Hoet of the rough throat attack but whose say  
is soft but whose ee has a cute angle, he whose hut is a hissarlik  
even as her hennin’s aspire. And insodaintily she’s a quine of selm  
ashaker while as a murder of corpse when his magot’s up he’s  
the best berrathon sanger in all the aisles of Skaldignavia. As who  
shall hear. For now at last is Longabed going to be gone to, that  
more than man, prince of Bunnicombe of wide roadsterds, the  
herblord the gillyflowrets so fain fan to flatter about. Artho is the%j%

