format: snippet


%ni%on the bay? Nor far jocubus? Nic for jay? Attilad! Attattilad! Get  
up, Goth’s scourge on you! There’s a visitation in your implu-  
vium. Hun! Hun!

He stanth theirs mun in his natural, oblious autamnesically  
of his very proprium, (such is stockpot leaden, so did sonsepun  
crake) the wont to be wanton maid a will to be wise. Thrust from  
the light, apophotorejected, he spoors loves from her heats. He  
blinkth. But’s wrath’s the higher where those wreathe charity.  
For all of these have been thisworlders, time liquescing into state,  
pitiless age grows angelhood. Though, as he stehs, most anysing  
may befallhim from a song of a witch to the totter of Blackarss,  
given a fammished devil, a young sourceress and (eternal con-  
junction) the permission of overalls with the cuperation of night-  
shirt. If he spice east he seethes in sooth and if he pierce north  
he wilts in the waist. And what wonder with the murkery vice-  
heid in the shade? The specks on his lapspan are his foul deed  
thougths, wishmarks of mad imogenation. Take they off! Make  
the off! But Funnylegs are leanly. A bimbamb bum! They vain  
would convert the to be hers in the word. Gush, they wooed!  
Gash, they’re fair ripecherry!

As for she could shake him. An oaf, no more. Still he’d be  
good tutor two in his big armschair lerningstoel and she be  
waxen in his hands. Turning up and fingering over the most dan-  
tellising peaches in the lingerous longerous book of the dark.  
Look at this passage about Galilleotto! I know it is difficult but  
when your goche I go dead. Turn now to this patch upon Smac-  
chiavelluti! Soot allours, he’s sure to spot it! ’Twas ever so in  
monitorology since Headmaster Adam became Eva Harte’s  
toucher, *in omnibus moribus et temporibus*, with man’s mischief  
in his mind whilst her pupils swimmed too heavenlies, let his be  
exaspirated, letters be blowed! I is a femaline person. O, of pro-  
vocative gender. U unisingular case.

Which is why trumpers are mixed up in duels and here’s B.  
Rohan meets N. Ohlan for the prize of a thou.

But listen to the mocking birde to micking barde making bared!  
We’ve heard it aye since songdom was gemurrmal. As he was%j%

