format: snippet


%ni%yord! With harm and aches till farther alters! Wild primates not  
stop him frem at rearing a writing in handy antics. *Nom de  
plume!* Gout strap Fenlanns! And send Jarge for Mary Ink-  
lenders! And daunt you logh if his vineshanky’s schwemmy!  
For he is the general, make no mistake in he. He is General  
Jinglesome.

Go in for scribenery with the satiety of arthurs in S.P.Q.R.ish  
and inform to the old sniggering publicking press and its nation  
of sheepcopers about the whole plighty troth between them, ma-  
lady of milady made melodi of malodi, she, the lalage of lyon-  
esses, and him, her knave arrant. To Wildrose La Gilligan from  
Croppy Crowhore. For all within crystal range.

Ukalepe. Loathers’ leave. Had Days. Nemo in Patria. The  
Luncher Out. Skilly and Carubdish. A Wondering Wreck. From  
the Mermaids’ Tavern. Bullyfamous. Naughtsycalves. Mother of  
Misery. Walpurgas Nackt.

Maleesh! He would bare to untired world of Leimunconon-  
nulstria (and what a strip poker globbtrottel they pairs would  
looks!) how wholefallows, his guffer, the sabbatarian (might  
faction split his beard!), he too had a great big oh in the  
megafundum of his tomashunders and how her Lettyshape, his  
gummer, that congealed sponsar, she had never cessed at waking  
malters among the jemassons since the duft that meataxe delt  
her made her microchasm as gap as down low. So they fished  
in the kettle and fought free and if she bit his tailibout all hat  
tiffin for thea. He would jused sit it all write down just as he  
would jused set it up all writhefully rate in blotch and void,  
yielding to no man in hymns ignorance, seeing how heartsilly  
sorey he was, owning to the condrition of his bikestool. And,  
reading off his fleshskin and writing with his quillbone, fillfull  
ninequires with it for his auditers, Caxton and Pollock, a most  
moraculous jeeremyhead sindbook for all the peoples, under the  
presidency of the suchess of sceaunonsceau, a hadtobe heldin,  
thoroughly enjoyed by many so meny on block at Boyrut season  
and for their account ottorly admired by her husband in sole in-  
timacy, about whose told his innersense and the grusomehed’s%j%

