format: snippet


%ni%What is amaid today todo? So angelland all weeping bin that Izzy  
most unhappy is. Fain Essie fie onhapje? laughs her stella’s vispirine.

While, running about their ways, going and coming, now at  
rhimba rhomba, now in trippiza trappaza, pleating a pattern Gran  
Geamatron showed them of gracehoppers, auntskippers and coney-  
farm leppers, they jeerilied along, durian gay and marian maid-  
cap, lou Dariou beside la Matieto, all boy more all girl singout-  
feller longa house blong store Huddy, whilest nin nin nin nin that  
Boorman’s clock, a winny on the tinny side, ninned nin nin nin  
nin, about old Father Barley how he got up of a morning arley  
and he met with a plattonem blondes named Hips and Haws and  
fell in with a fellows of Trinity some header Skowood Shaws like  
(You’ll catch it, don’t fret, Mrs Tummy Lupton! Come indoor,  
Scoffynosey, and shed your swank!) auld Daddy Deacon who  
could stow well his place of beacon but he never could hold his  
kerosene’s candle to (The nurse’ll give it you, stickypots! And you  
wait, my lasso, fecking the twine!) bold Farmer Burleigh who  
wuck up in a hurlywurly where he huddly could wuddle to wal-  
low his weg tillbag of the baker’s booth to beg of (You’re well  
held now, Missy Cheekspeer, and your panto’s off! Fie, for shame,  
Ruth Wheatacre, after all the booz said!) illed Diddiddy Achin  
for the prize of a pease of bakin with a pinch of the panch of the  
ponch in jurys for (Ah, crabeyes, I have you, showing off to the  
world with that gape in your stocking!) Wold Forrester Farley  
who, in deesperation of deispiration at the diasporation of his  
diesparation, was found of the round of the sound of the lound  
of the. Lukkedoerendunandurraskewdylooshoofermoyportertoo-  
ryzooysphalnabortansporthaokansakroidverjkapakkapuk.

Byfall.

Upploud!

The play thou schouwburgst, Game, here endeth. The curtain  
drops by deep request.

Uplouderamain!

Gonn the gawds, Gunnar’s gustspells. When the h, who the  
hu, how the hue, where the huer? Orbiter onswers: lots lives  
lost. Fionia is fed up with Fidge Fudgesons. Sealand snorres.%j%

