format: snippet


%ni%Yuinness or Yennessy, Laagen or Niger, for Festus King and  
Roaring Peter and Frisky Shorty and Treacle Tom and O. B.  
Behan and Sully the Thug and Master Magrath and Peter Cloran  
and O’Delawarr Rossa and Nerone MacPacem and whoever you  
chance to meet knocking around; and a pig’s bladder balloon for  
Selina Susquehanna Stakelum. But what did she give to Pruda  
Ward and Katty Kanel and Peggy Quilty and Briery Brosna and  
Teasy Kieran and Ena Lappin and Muriel Maassy and Zusan Camac  
and Melissa Bradogue and Flora Ferns and Fauna Fox-Good-  
man and Grettna Greaney and Penelope Inglesante and Lezba  
Licking like Leytha Liane and Roxana Rohan with Simpatica  
Sohan and Una Bina Laterza and Trina La Mesme and Philomena  
O’Farrell and Irmak Elly and Josephine Foyle and Snakeshead  
Lily and Fountainoy Laura and Marie Xavier Agnes Daisy  
Frances de Sales Macleay? She gave them ilcka madre’s daughter  
a moonflower and a bloodvein: but the grapes that ripe before  
reason to them that devide the vinedress. So on Izzy, her shame-  
maid, love shone befond her tears as from Shem, her penmight,  
life past befoul his prime.

My colonial, wardha bagful! A bakereen’s dusind with tithe  
tillies to boot. That’s what you may call a tale of a tub! And Hi-  
bernonian market! All that and more under one crinoline enve-  
lope if you dare to break the porkbarrel seal. No wonder they’d  
run from her pison plague. Throw us your hudson soap for the  
honour of Clane! The wee taste the water left. I’ll raft it back,  
first thing in the marne. Merced mulde! Ay, and don’t forget the  
reckitts I lohaned you. You’ve all the swirls your side of the cur-  
rent. Well, am I to blame for that if I have? Who said you’re to  
blame for that if you have? You’re a bit on the sharp side. I’m on  
the wide. Only snuffers’ cornets drifts my way that the cracka  
dvine chucks out of his cassock, with her estheryear’s marsh  
narcissus to make him recant his vanitty fair. Foul strips of his  
chinook’s bible I do be reading, dodwell disgustered but chickled  
with chuckles at the tittles is drawn on the tattlepage. *Senior ga  
dito: Faciasi Omo! E omo fu fo.* Ho! Ho! *Senior ga dito: Faciasi  
Hidamo! Hidamo se ga facessà.* Ha! Ha! And *Die Windermere*

