format: snippet


%ni%name is on the hero, Capellisato, shoehanded slaughterer of the  
shader of our leaves.

Attach him! Hold!

Yet stir thee, to clay, Tamor!

Why wilt thou erewaken him from his earth, O summonor-  
other: he is weatherbitten from the dusts of ages? The hour of his  
closing hies to hand; the tocsin that shall claxonise his ware-  
abouts. If one who remembered his webgoods and tealofts were  
to ask of a hooper for whose it was the storks were quitting  
Aquileyria, this trundler would not wot; if other who joined faith  
when his depth charge bombed our barrel spillway were to —!

Jehosophat, what doom is here! Rain ruth on them, sire! The  
wing of Moykill cover him! The Bulljon Bossbrute quarantee  
him! Calavera, caution! Slaves to Virtue, save his Veritotem!  
Bearara Tolearis, procul abeat! The Ivorbonegorer of Danamara-  
ca be, his Hector Protector! Woldomar with Vasa, peel your  
peeps! And try to saviourise the nights of labour to the order of  
our blooding worold! While Pliny the Younger writes to Pliny  
the Elder his calamolumen of contumellas, what Aulus Gellius  
picked on Micmacrobius and what Vitruvius pocketed from  
Cassiodorus. Like we larnt from that Buke of Lukan in Dublin’s  
capital, Kongdam Coombe. Even if you are the kooper of the  
winkel over measure never lost a licence. Nor a duckindonche  
divulse from hath and breakfast. And for the honour of Alcohol  
drop that you-know-what-I’ve-come-about-I-saw-your-act air!  
Punch may be pottleproud but his Judy’s a wife’s wit better.

For the producer (Mr John Baptister Vickar) caused a deep  
abuliousness to descend upon the Father of Truants and, at a side  
issue, pluterpromptly brought on the scene the cutletsized con-  
sort, foundling filly of fortyshilling fostertailor and shipman’s  
shopahoyden, weighing ten pebble ten, scaling five footsy five  
and spanning thirtyseven inchettes round the good companions,  
twentynine ditties round the wishful waistress, thirtyseven alsos  
round the answer to everything, twentythree of the same round  
each of the quis separabits, fourteen round the beginning of hap-  
piness and nicely nine round her shoed for slender.

