format: snippet


%ni%de kerkegaard. So who over comes ever for Whoopee Weeks  
must put up with the Jug and Chambers.

But heed! Our thirty minutes war’s alull. All’s quiet on the  
felled of Gorey. Between the starfort and the thornwood brass  
castle flambs with mutton candles. Hushkah, a horn! Gadolmag-  
tog! God es El? Housefather calls enthreateningly. From Bran-  
denborgenthor. At Asa’s arthre. In thundercloud periwig. With  
lightning bug aflash from afinger. My souls and by jings, should  
he work his jaw to give down the banks and hark from the tomb!  
Ansighosa pokes in her potstill to souse at the sop be sodden  
enow and to hear to all the bubbles besaying: the coming man, the  
future woman, the food that is to build, what he with fifteen years  
will do, the ring in her mouth of joyous guard, stars astir ant  
stirabout. A palashe for hirs, a saucy for hers and ladlelike spoons  
for the wonner. But ein and twee were never worth three. So they  
must have their final since he’s on parole. Et la pau’ Leonie has the  
choice of her lives between Josephinus and Mario-Louis for who  
is to wear the lily of Bohemey, Florestan, Thaddeus, Hardress or  
Myles. And lead raptivity captive. Ready! Like a Finn at a fair.  
Now for la belle! Icy-la-Belle!

The campus calls them. Ninan ninan, the gattling gan! Childs  
will be wilds. ’Twastold. And vamp, vamp, vamp, the girls are  
merchand. The horseshow magnete draws his field and don’t the  
fillyings fly? Educande of Sorrento, they newknow knowwell  
their Vico’s road. Arranked in their array and flocking for the  
fray on that old orangeray, Dolly Brae. For these are not on  
terms, they twain, bartrossers, since their baffle of Whatalose  
when Adam Leftus and the devil took our hindmost, gegifting  
her with his painapple, nor will not be atoned at all in fight to  
no finish, that dark deed doer, this wellwilled wooer, Jerkoff and  
Eatsoup, Yem or Yan, while felixed is who culpas does and harm’s  
worth healing and Brune is bad French for Jour d’Anno. Tiggers  
and Tuggers they’re all for tenzones. Bettlimbraves. For she must  
walk out. And it must be with who. Teaseforhim. Toesforhim.  
Tossforhim. Two. Else there is danger of. Solitude.

Postreintroducing Jeremy, the chastenot coulter, the flowing%j%

