format: snippet


%ni%things feminite, towooerds him in heliolatry, so they may catch-  
cup in their calyzettes, alls they go troping, those parryshoots  
from his muscalone pistil, for he can eyespy through them, to  
their selfcolours, nevertheleast their tissue peepers, (meaning  
Mullabury mesh, the time of appling flowers, a guarded figure  
of speech, a variety of perfume, a bridawl, seamist inso one) as  
leichtly as see saw (O my goodmiss! O my greatmess! O my  
prizelestly preshoes!) while, dewyfully as dimb dumbelles, all  
alisten to his elixir. Lovelyt!

And they said to him:
%—%Enchainted, dear sweet Stainusless, young confessor, dearer  
dearest, we herehear, aboutobloss, O coelicola, thee salutamt.  
Pattern of our unschoold, pageantmaster, deliverer of softmis-  
sives, round the world in forty mails, bag, belt and balmybeam,  
our barnaboy, our chepachap, with that pampipe in your put-  
away, gab borab, when you will be after doing all your sight-  
seeing and soundhearing and smellsniffing and tastytasting and  
tenderumstouchings in all Daneygaul, send us, your adorables,  
thou overblaseed, a wise and letters play of all you can ceive,  
chief celtech chappy, from your holy post now you hast as-  
certained ceremonially our names. Unclean you art not. Outcaste  
thou are not. Leperstower, the karman’s loki, has not blanched  
at our pollution and your intercourse at ninety legsplits does not  
defile. Untouchable is not the scarecrown is on you. You are  
pure. You are pure. You are in your puerity. You have not  
brought stinking members into the house of Amanti. Elleb Inam,  
Titep Notep, we name them to the Hall of Honour. Your head  
has been touched by the god Enel-Rah and your face has been  
brightened by the goddess Aruc-Ituc. Return, sainted youngling,  
and walk once more among us! The rains of Demani are masikal  
as of yere. And Baraza is all aflower. Siker of calmy days. As  
shiver as shower can be. Our breed and better class is in brood  
and bitter pass. Labbeycliath longs. But we’re counting on the  
cluck. The Great Cackler comes again. Sweetstaker, Abel lord of  
all our haloease, we (to be slightly more femmiliar perhips than is  
slickly more then nacessory), toutes philomelas as well as mag-%j%

