format: snippet


%ni%and the face in the treebark feigns afear. This  
is rainstones ringing. Strangely cult for this  
ceasing of the yore. But Erigureen is ever.  
Pot price pon patrilinear plop, if the osseletion  
of the onkring gives omen nome? Since alls  
war that end war let sports be leisure and  
bring and buy fair. Ah ah athclete, blest your  
bally bathfeet! Towntoquest, fortorest, the  
hour that hies is hurley. A halt for hearsake.[^1]%j%

%R%modes coa-  
lescing  
prolifer-  
ate homo-  
genuine  
homogen-  
eity.%R%

[^1]: Come, smooth of my slate, to the beat of my blosh! With all these gelded  
ewes jilting about and the thrills and ills of laylock blossoms three’s so much  
more plants than chants for cecilies that I was thinking fairly killing times of  
putting an end to myself and my malody, when I remembered all your pupil-  
teacher’s erringnesses in perfection class. You sh’undn’t write you can’t if you  
w’udn’t pass for undevelopmented. This is the propper way to say that, Sr. If  
it’s me chews to swallow all you saidn’t you can eat my words for it as sure as  
there’s a key in my kiss. Quick erit faciofacey. When we will conjugate to-  
gether toloseher tomaster tomiss while morrow fans amare hour, verbe de vie  
and verve to vie, with love ay loved have I on my back spine and does for  
ever. Your are me severe? Then rue. My intended, Jr, who I’m throne away  
on, (here he inst, my lifstack, a newfolly likon) when I slip through my pettigo  
I’ll get my decree and take seidens when I’m not ploughed first by some  
Rolando the Lasso, and flaunt on the flimsyfilmsies for to grig my collage  
juniorees who, though they flush fuchsia, are they octette and virginity in my  
shade but always my figurants. They may be yea of my year but they’re nary  
nay of my day. Wait till spring has sprung in spickness and prigs beg in to pry  
they’ll be plentyprime of housepets to pimp and pamper my. Impending mar-  
riage. Nature tells everybody about but I learned all the runes of the gamest  
game ever from my old nourse Asa. A most adventuring trot is her and she  
vicking well knowed them all heartswise and fourwords. How Olive d’Oyly  
and Winnie Carr, bejupers, they reized the dressing of a salandmon and how a  
peeper costs and a salt sailor med a mustied poet atwaimen. It most have  
bean Mad Mullans planted him. Bina de Bisse and Trestrine von Terrefin.  
Sago sound, rite go round, kill kackle, kook kettle and (remember all should  
I forget to) bolt the thor. Auden. Wasn’t it just divining that dog of a dag  
in Skokholme as I sat astrid uppum their Drewitt’s altar, as cooledas as cul-  
cumbre, slapping my straights till the sloping ruins, postillion, postallion, a  
swinge a swank, with you offering me clouts of illscents and them horners  
stagstruck on the leasward! Don’t be of red, you blanching mench! This  
isabella I’m on knows the ruelles of the rut and she don’t fear andy mandy. So  
sing loud, sweet cheeriot, like anegreon in heaven! The good fother with the  
twingling in his eye will always have cakes in his pocket to bethroat us with  
for our allmichael good. Amum. Amum. And Amum again. For tough troth  
is stronger than fortuitous fiction and it’s the surplice money, oh my young  
friend and ah me sweet creature, what buys the bed while wits borrows the  
clothes.

