format: snippet


%ni%delenes, were drawpairs with two pinmarks, BVD and BVD dot,  
so want lotteries of ticklets posthastem (you appreciate?) so as to  
be very dainty, if an isaspell, and so as to be verily dandydainty,  
if an ishibilley, of and on, to and for, by and with, from you.  
Let the hitback hurry his wayward ere the missive has time to  
take herself off, ’twill be o’erthemore willfully intomeet if the  
coming offence can send our shudders before. We ſeem to have  
being elſewhere as tho’ th’ had paſs’d in our ſuſpens. Next  
to our shrinking selves we love sensitivas best. For they are  
the Angèles. Brick, fauve, jonquil, sprig, fleet, nocturne, smiling  
bruise. For they are an Angèle’s garment. We will be constant  
(what a word!) and bless the day, for whole hours too, yes, for  
sold long syne as we shall be heing in our created being of ours  
elvishness, the day you befell, you dreadful temptation! Now  
promisus as at our requisted you will remain ignorant of all what  
you hear and, though if whilst disrobing to the edge of risk, (the  
bisifings in idolhours that satinfines tootoo!) draw a veil till we  
next time! You don’t want to peach but bejimboed if ye do!  
Perhelps. We ernst too may. How many months or how many  
years till the myriadth and first become! Bashfulness be tupped!  
May he colp, may he colp her, may he mixandmass colp her!  
Talk with a hare and you wake of a tartars. That’s mus. Says the  
Law. List! Kicky Lacey, the pervergined, and Bianca Mutantini,  
her conversa, drew their fools longth finnishfurst, Herzog van  
Vellentam, but me and meother ravin, my coosine of mine, have  
mour good three chancers, weothers, after Bohnaparts. The  
mything smile of me, my wholesole assumption, shes nowt me-  
without as weam twin herewithin, that I love like myselfish, like  
smithereens robinsongs, like juneses nutslost, like the blue of the  
sky if I stoop for to spy’s between my whiteyoumightcallimbs.  
How their duel makes their triel! Eer’s wax for Sur Soord, dong-  
dong bollets for the iris riflers, queemswellth of coocome in their  
combs for the jennyjos. Caro caressimus! Honey swarns where  
mellisponds. Will bee all buzzy one another minnies for the mere  
effect that you are so fuld of pollen yourself. Teomeo! Daurdour!  
We feel unspeechably thoughtless over it all here in Gizzygazelle%j%

