format: snippet


%ni%yoeureeke of his spectrescope and why he was off colour and how  
he was ambothed upon by the very spit of himself, first on the  
cheekside by Michelangelo and, besouns thats, over on the owld  
jowly side by Bill C. Babby, and the suburb’s formule why they  
provencials drollo eggspilled him out of his homety dometry nar-  
rowedknee domum (osco de basco de pesco de bisco!) because  
all his creature comfort was an omulette finas erbas in an ark finis  
orbe and, no master how mustered, mind never mend, he could  
neither swuck in nonneither swimp in the flood of cecialism and  
the best and schortest way of blacking out a caughtalock of all  
the sorrors of Sexton until he would accoster her coume il fou in  
teto-dous as a wagoner would his mudheeldy wheesindonk at  
their trist in Parisise after tourments of tosend years, bread cast  
out on waters, making goods at mutuurity, Mondamoiseau of  
Casanuova and Mademoisselle from Armentières. Neblonovi’s  
Nivonovio! Nobbio and Nuby in ennoviacion! Occitantitempoli!  
He would si through severalls of sanctuaries maywhatmay might-  
whomight so as to meet somewhere, if produced, on a demi pans-  
sion for his whole lofetime, payment in goo to slee music and  
poisonal comfany, following which, like Ipsey Secumbe, when he  
fingon to foil the fluter, she could have all the g. s. M. she moo-  
hooed after fore and rickwards to herslF, including science of  
sonorous silence, while he, being brung up on soul butter, have  
recourse of course to poetry. With tears for his coronaichon,  
such as engines weep. Was liffe worth leaving? Nej!

Tholedoth, treetrene! Zokrahsing, stone! Arty, reminiscen-  
sitive, at bandstand finale on grand carriero, dreaming largesse  
of lifesighs over early lived offs%—%all old Sators of the Sowsceptre  
highly nutritius family histrionic, genitricksling with Avus and  
Avia, that simple pair, and descendant down on veloutypads by a  
vuncular process to Nurus and Noverca, those notorious nepotists,  
circumpictified in their sobrine census, patriss all of them by the  
glos on their germane faces and their socerine eyes like transparents  
of vitricus, patruuts to a man, the archimade levirs of his ekonome  
world. Remember thee, castle throwen? Ones propsperups treed,  
now stohong baroque. And oil paint use a pumme if yell trace%j%

