format: snippet


%ni%You. Yasha Yash ate sassage and mash. So he found he bash, poor  
Yasha Yash. And you wonna make one of our micknick party.  
No honaryhuest on our sposhialiste. For poor Glugger was dazed  
and late in his crave, ay he, laid in his grave.

But low, boys low, he rises, shrivering, with his spittyful eyes  
and his whoozebecome woice. Ephthah! Cisamis! Examen of  
conscience scruples now he to the best of his memory schemado.  
Nu mere for ever siden on the stolen. With his tumescinquinance  
in the thight of his tumstull. No more singing all the dags in  
his sengaggeng. Experssly at hand counterhand. Trinitatis kink  
had mudded his dome, peccat and pent fore, pree. Hymserf,  
munchaowl, maden, born of thug tribe into brood blackmail, dooly  
redecant allbigenesis henesies. He, by bletchendmacht of the golls,  
proforhim penance and come off enternatural. He, selfsufficiencer,  
eggscumuddher-in-chaff sporticolorissimo, what though the  
duthsthrows in his lavabad eyes, maketomake polentay rossum,  
(Good savours queen with the stem of swuith Aftreck! Fit for  
king of Zundas) out of bianconies, hiking ahake like any nudge-  
meroughgorude all over Terracuta. No more throw acids, face all  
lovabilities, appeal for the union and play for tirnitys. He, praise  
Saint Calembaurnus, make clean breastsack of goody girl now as  
ever drank milksoep from a spoen, weedhearted boy of potter and  
mudder, chip of old Flinn the Flinter, twig of the hider that tanned  
him. He go calaboosh all same he tell him out. Teufleuf man he  
strip him all mussymussy calico blong him all same he tell him all  
out how he make what name. He, through wolkenic connection,  
relation belong this remarklable moliman, Anaks Andrum, parley-  
glutton pure blood Jebusite, centy procent Erserum spoking.  
Drugmallt storehuse. Intrance on back. Most open on the lay-  
days. He, A. A., in peachskin shantungs, possible, sooth to say,  
notwithstanding far former guiles and he gaining fish consider-  
able, by saving grace after avalunch, to look most prophitable  
out of smily skibluh eye. He repeat of him as pious alios cos he  
ast for shave and haircut people said he’d shape of hegoat where  
he just was sheep of herrgott with his tile togged. Top. Not true  
what chronicles is bringing his portemanteau priamed full potato-%j%

