format: snippet


%ni%Through her catchment ring she freed them easy, with her hips’  
hurrahs for her knees’dontelleries. The only parr with frills in  
old the plain. So they are, I declare! Welland well! If tomorrow  
keeps fine who’ll come tripping to sightsee? How’ll? Ask me  
next what I haven’t got! The Belvedarean exhibitioners. In their  
cruisery caps and oarsclub colours. What hoo, they band! And  
what hoa, they buck! And here is her nubilee letters too. Ellis  
on quay in scarlet thread. Linked for the world on a flush-  
caloured field. Annan exe after to show they’re not Laura Ke-  
own’s. O, may the diabolo twisk your seifety pin! You child of  
Mammon, Kinsella’s Lilith! Now who has been tearing the leg  
of her drawars on her? Which leg is it? The one with the bells  
on it. Rinse them out and aston along with you! Where did I  
stop? Never stop! Continuarration! You’re not there yet. I  
amstel waiting. Garonne, garonne!

Well, after it was put in the Mericy Cordial Mendicants’ Sitter-  
dag-Zindeh-Munaday Wakeschrift (for once they sullied their  
white kidloves, chewing cuds after their dinners of cheeckin and  
beggin, with their show us it here and their mind out of that and  
their when you’re quite finished with the reading matarial), even  
the snee that snowdon his hoaring hair had a skunner against  
him. Thaw, thaw, sava, savuto! Score Her Chuff Exsquire!  
Everywhere erriff you went and every bung you arver dropped  
into, in cit or suburb or in addled areas, the Rose and Bottle or  
Phoenix Tavern or Power’s Inn or Jude’s Hotel or wherever you  
scoured the countryside from Nannywater to Vartryville or from  
Porta Lateen to the lootin quarter you found his ikom etsched  
tipside down or the cornerboys cammocking his guy and Morris  
the Man, with the role of a royss in his turgos the turrible, (Evro-  
peahahn cheic house, unskimmed sooit and yahoort, hamman  
now cheekmee, Ahdahm this way make, Fatima, half tum!)  
reeling and railing round the local as the peihos piped und uban-  
jees twanged, with oddfellow’s triple tiara busby rotundarinking  
round his scalp. Like Pate-by-the-Neva or Pete-over-Meer. This  
is the Hausman all paven and stoned, that cribbed the Cabin that  
never was owned that cocked his leg and hennad his Egg. And%j%

