format: snippet


%ni%*Dichter* and Lefanu (Sheridan’s) old *House by the Coachyard* and  
Mill (J.) *On Woman with Ditto on the Floss*. Ja, a swamp for Alt-  
muehler and a stone for his flossies! I know how racy they move  
his wheel. My hands are blawcauld between isker and suda like  
that piece of pattern chayney there, lying below. Or where is it?  
Lying beside the sedge I saw it. Hoangho, my sorrow, I’ve lost  
it! Aimihi! With that turbary water who could see? So near and  
yet so far! But O, gihon! I lovat a gabber. I could listen to maure  
and moravar again. Regn onder river. Flies do your float. Thick  
is the life for mere.

Well, you know or don’t you kennet or haven’t I told you  
every telling has a taling and that’s the he and the she of it. Look,  
look, the dusk is growing! My branches lofty are taking root.  
And my cold cher’s gone ashley. Fieluhr? Filou! What age is at?  
It saon is late. ’Tis endless now senne eye or erewone last saw  
Waterhouse’s clogh. They took it asunder, I hurd thum sigh.  
When will they reassemble it? O, my back, my back, my bach!  
I’d want to go to Aches-les-Pains. Pingpong! There’s the Belle  
for Sexaloitez! And Concepta de Send-us-pray! Pang! Wring out  
the clothes! Wring in the dew! Godavari, vert the showers! And  
grant thaya grace! Aman. Will we spread them here now? Ay,  
we will. Flip! Spread on your bank and I’ll spread mine on mine.  
Flep! It’s what I’m doing. Spread! It’s churning chill. Der went is  
rising. I’ll lay a few stones on the hostel sheets. A man and his bride  
embraced between them. Else I’d have sprinkled and folded them  
only. And I’ll tie my butcher’s apron here. It’s suety yet. The  
strollers will pass it by. Six shifts, ten kerchiefs, nine to hold to  
the fire and this for the code, the convent napkins, twelve, one  
baby’s shawl. Good mother Jossiph knows, she said. Whose  
head? Mutter snores? Deataceas! Wharnow are alle her childer,  
say? In kingdome gone or power to come or gloria be to them  
farther? Allalivial, allalluvial! Some here, more no more, more  
again lost alla stranger. I’ve heard tell that same brooch of the  
Shannons was married into a family in Spain. And all the Dun-  
ders de Dunnes in Markland’s Vineland beyond Brendan’s herring  
pool takes number nine in yangsee’s hats. And one of Biddy’s%j%

