format: snippet


%ni%queering his shoolthers. So was I. And as I was cleansing my  
fausties. So was he. And as way ware puffiing our blowbags.  
Souwouyou.

Come, thrust! Go, parry! Dvoinabrathran, dare. The mad  
long ramp of manchind’s parlements, the learned lacklearning,  
merciless as wonderful.
%—%Now may Saint Mowy of the Pleasant Grin be your ever-  
glass and even prospect!
%—%Feeling dank.

Exchange, reverse.
%—%And may Saint Jerome of the Harlots’ Curse make family  
three of you which is much abedder!
%—%Grassy ass ago.

And each was wrought with his other. And his continence fell.  
The bivitellines, Metellus and Ametallikos, her crown pretenders,  
obscindgemeinded biekerers, varying directly, uruseye each oxes-  
other, superfetated (never cleaner of lamps frowned fiercelier on  
anointer of hinges), while their treegrown girls, king’s game, if  
he deign so, are in such transfusion just to know twigst timidy  
twomeys, for gracious sake, who is artthoudux from whose  
heterotropic, the sleepy or the glouch, for, shyly bawn and  
showly nursured, exceedingly nice girls can strike exceedingly  
bad times unless so richtly chosen’s by (what though of riches  
he have none and hope dashes hope on his heart’s horizon) to gar  
their great moments greater. The thing is he must be put strait  
on the spot, no mere waterstichystuff in a selfmade world that  
you can’t believe a word he’s written in, not for pie, but one’s  
only owned by naturel rejection. Charley, you’re my darwing!  
So sing they sequent the assent of man. Till they go round if  
they go roundagain before breakparts and all dismissed. They  
keep. Step keep. Step. Stop. Who is Fleur? Where is Ange? Or  
Gardoun?

Creedless, croonless hangs his haughty. There end no moe red  
devil in the white of his eye. Braglodyte him do a katadupe! A con-  
damn quondam jontom sick af a suckbut! He does not know how  
his grandson’s grandson’s grandson’s grandson will stammer up%j%

