format: snippet


%ni%Rendningrocks roguesreckning reigns. Gwds with gurs are  
gttrdmmrng. Hlls vlls. The timid hearts of words all exeomno-  
sunt. Mannagad, lammalelouh, how do that come? By Dad, youd  
not heed that fert? Fulgitudes ejist rowdownan tonuout. Quoq!  
And buncskleydoodle! Kidoosh! Of their fear they broke, they  
ate wind, they fled; where they ate there they fled; of their fear  
they fled, they broke away. Go to, let us extol Azrael with our  
harks, by our brews, on our jambses, in his gaits. To Mezou-  
zalem with the Dephilim, didits dinkun’s dud? Yip! Yup! Yar-  
rah! And let Nek Nekulon extol Mak Makal and let him say  
unto him: Immi ammi Semmi. And shall not Babel be with  
Lebab? And he war. And he shall open his mouth and answer:  
I hear, O Ismael, how they laud is only as my loud is one. If  
Nekulon shall be havonfalled surely Makal haven hevens. Go to,  
let us extell Makal, yea, let us exceedingly extell. Though you  
have lien amung your posspots my excellency is over Ismael.  
Great is him whom is over Ismael and he shall mekanek of Mak  
Nakulon. And he deed.

Uplouderamainagain!

For the Clearer of the Air from on high has spoken in tumbul-  
dum tambaldam to his tembledim tombaldoom worrild and, mogu-  
phonoised by that phonemanon, the unhappitents of the earth  
have terrerumbled from fimament unto fundament and from  
tweedledeedumms down to twiddledeedees.

Loud, hear us!

Loud, graciously hear us!

Now have thy children entered into their habitations. And  
nationglad, camp meeting over, to shin it, Gov be thanked! Thou  
hast closed the portals of the habitations of thy children and thou  
hast set thy guards thereby, even Garda Didymus and Garda  
Domas, that thy children may read in the book of the opening of  
the mind to light and err not in the darkness which is the after-  
thought of thy nomatter by the guardiance of those guards which  
are thy bodemen, the cheeryboyum chirryboth with the kerry-  
bommers in their krubeems, Pray-your-Prayers Timothy and  
Back-to-Bunk Tom.

