format: snippet


%ni%beads went bobbing till she rounded up lost histereve with a  
marigold and a cobbler’s candle in a side strain of a main drain  
of a manzinahurries off Bachelor’s Walk. But all that’s left to the  
last of the Meaghers in the loup of the years prefixed and between  
is one kneebuckle and two hooks in the front. Do you tell me.  
that now? I do in troth. Orara por Orbe and poor Las Animas!  
Ussa, Ulla, we’re umbas all! Mezha, didn’t you hear it a deluge of  
times, ufer and ufer, respund to spond? You deed, you deed! I  
need, I need! It’s that irrawaddyng I’ve stoke in my aars. It all  
but husheth the lethest zswound. Oronoko! What’s your trouble?  
Is that the great Finnleader himself in his joakimono on his statue  
riding the high hone there forehengist? Father of Otters, it is  
himself! Yonne there! Isset that? On Fallareen Common? You’re  
thinking of Astley’s Amphitheayter where the bobby restrained  
you making sugarstuck pouts to the ghostwhite horse of the  
Peppers. Throw the cobwebs from your eyes, woman, and spread  
your washing proper! It’s well I know your sort of slop. Flap!  
Ireland sober is Ireland stiff Lord help you, Maria, full of grease,  
the load is with me! Your prayers. I sonht zo! Madammangut!  
Were you lifting your elbow, tell us, glazy cheeks, in Conway’s  
Carrigacurra canteen? Was I what, hobbledyhips? Flop! Your  
rere gait’s creakorheuman bitts your butts disagrees. Amn’t I  
up since the damp tawn, marthared mary allacook, with Corri-  
gan’s pulse and varicoarse veins, my pramaxle smashed, Alice  
Jane in decline and my oneeyed mongrel twice run over, soaking  
and bleaching boiler rags, and sweating cold, a widow like me,  
for to deck my tennis champion son, the laundryman with the  
lavandier flannels? You won your limpopo limp fron the husky  
hussars when Collars and Cuffs was heir to the town and your  
slur gave the stink to Carlow. Holy Scamander, I sar it again!  
Near the golden falls. Icis on us! Seints of light! Zezere! Subdue  
your noise, you hamble creature! What is it but a blackburry  
growth or the dwyergray ass them four old codgers owns. Are  
you meanam Tarpey and Lyons and Gregory? I meyne now,  
thank all, the four of them, and the roar of them, that draves  
that stray in the mist and old Johnny MacDougal along with%j%

