format: snippet


%ni%hod’s fush, 3) all ever the pelican huntered with truly fond bull-  
pen backthought since his toork human life where his personal  
low outhired his taratoryism, the orenore under the selfhide of his  
bessermettle, was forsake in his chiltern and lumbojumbo, 4) he  
was like Fintan fore flood and after sometimes too damned  
merely often on the saved side, saw he was, 5) regarding to  
prussyattes or quazzyverzing he wassand no better than he would  
have been before he could have been better than what he warrant  
after, 6) blood, musk or haschish, as coked, diamoned or pence-  
loid, and bleaching him naclenude from all cohlorine matter,  
down to a boneash bittstoff, he’s, tink fors tank, the same old  
dustamount on the same old tincoverdull baubleclass, totstitty-  
winktosser and bogusbagwindburster, whether fitting tyres onto  
Danelope boys or fluttering flaus for laurettas, whatever the  
bucket brigade and the plug party says, touchant Arser of the  
Rum Tipple and his camelottery and lyonesslooting but with a  
layaman’s brutstrenth, by Jacohob and Esahur and the all saults  
or all sallies, what we warn to hear, jeff, is the woods of chirpsies  
cries to singaloo sweecheeriode and sock him up, the oldcant  
rogue.

Group A.

You have jest (a ham) beamed listening through (a ham pig)  
his haulted excerpt from John Whiston’s fiveaxled production,  
The Coach With The Six Insides, from the Tales of Yore of the  
times gone by before there was a hofdking or a hoovthing or a  
pinginapoke in Oreland, all sould. Goes Tory by Eeric Whigs is  
To Become Tintinued in Fearson’s Nightly in the Lets All Wake  
Brickfaced In Lucan. Lhirondella, jaunty lhirondella! With tirra  
lirra rondinelles, atantivy we go!

Attention! Stand at!! Ease!!!

We are now diffusing among our lovers of this sequence (to  
you! to you!) the dewfolded song of the naughtingels (Alys!  
Alysaloe!) from their sheltered positions, in rosescenery hay-  
dyng, on the heather side of waldalure, Mount Saint John’s,  
Jinnyland, whither our allies winged by duskfoil from Moore-  
parque, swift sanctuary seeking, after Sunsink gang (Oiboe!%j%

