format: snippet


%ni%lugger. Stolp, tief, stolp, come bag to Moy Eireann! And the  
Norweeger’s capstan swaradeed, some blowfish out of schooling:  
All lykkehud! Below taiyor he ikan heavin sets. But they broken  
waters and they made whole waters at they surfered bark to the  
lots of his vauce. And aweigh he yankered on the Norgean run so  
that seven sailend sonnenrounders was he breastbare to the brina-  
bath, where bottoms out has fatthoms full, fram Franz José  
Land til Cabo Thormendoso, evenstarde and risingsoon. Up the  
Rivor Tanneiry and down the Golfe Desombres. Farety days and  
fearty nights. Enjoy yourself, O maremen! And the tides made,  
veer and haul, and the times marred, rear and fall, and, holey  
bucket, dinned he raign!
%—%Hump! Hump! bassed the broaders-in-laugh with a quick  
piddysnip that wee halfbit a second.
%—%I will do that, sazd Kersse, mainingstaying the rigout for her  
wife’s lairdship. Nett sew? they hunched back at the earpicker.

But old sporty, as endth lord, in ryehouse reigner, he nought  
feared crimp or cramp of shore sharks, plotsome to getsome. It  
was whol niet godthaab of errol Loritz off his Cape of Good  
Howthe and his trippertrice loretta lady, a maomette to his  
monetone, with twy twy twinky her stone hairpins, only not,  
if not, a queen of Prancess their telling tabled who was for his  
seeming a casket through the heavenly, nay, heart of the sweet  
(had he hows would he keep her as niece as a fiddle!) but in the  
mealtub it was wohl yeas sputsbargain what, rarer of recent, an  
occasional conformity, he, with Muggleton Muckers, alwagers  
allalong most certainly allowed, as pilerinnager’s grace to peti-  
tionists of right, of the three blend cupstoomerries with their  
customed spirits, the Gill gob, the Burklley bump, the Wallisey  
wanderlook, having their ceilidhe gailydhe in his shaunty irish.  
Group drinkards maaks grope thinkards or how reads rotary,  
jewr of a chrestend, respecting the otherdogs churchees, so long  
plubs will be plebs but plabs by low frequency amplification may  
later agree to have another. For the people of the shed are the  
sure ads of all quorum. Lorimers and leathersellers, skinners and  
salters, pewterers and paperstainers, parishclerks, fletcherbowyers,%j%

