format: snippet


%ni%for further oil mircles upon all herwayferer gods and reanounc-  
ing my deviltries as was I a locally person of caves until I got my  
purchase on her firmforhold I am, I like to think, by their sacre-  
ligion of daimond cap daimond, confessedly in my baron gentil-  
homme to the manhor bourne till ladiest day as panthoposopher,  
to have splet for groont a peer of bellows like Bacchulus shakes a  
rousing guttural at any old cerpaintime by peaching (allsole we  
are not amusical) the warry warst against myself in the defile as  
a lieberretter sebaiscopal of these mispeschyites of the first virgi-  
nial water who, without an auction of biasement from my part,  
with gladyst tone ahquickyessed in it, overhowe and under-  
where, the totty lolly poppy flossy conny dollymaukins Though  
I heave a coald on my bauck and am could up to my eres hoven  
sametimes I used alltides to be aswarmer for the meekst and the  
graced. You are not going to not. You might be threeabreasted  
wholenosing at a whallhoarding from our Don Amir anent villa-  
yets prostatution precisingly kuschkars tarafs and it could be  
double densed uncounthest hour of allbleakest age with a bad of  
wind and a barran of rain, nompos mentis like Novus Elector, what  
with his Marx and their Groups, yet did a doubt, should a dare,  
were to you, you would do and dhamnk me, shenker, dhumnk you.  
Skunk. And fare with me to share with me. Hinther and thonther,  
hant by hont. By where dauvening shedders down whose rovely  
lanes. As yose were and as yese is. Sure and you would, Mr Mac  
Gurk! Be sure and you would, Mr O’Duane! To be sure and you  
would so, Mr MacElligut! Wod you nods? Mom mom. No mum  
has the rod to pud a stub to the lurch of amotion. My little love  
apprencisses, my dears, the estelles, van Nessies von Nixies voon  
der pool, which I had a reyal devouts for yet was it marly lowease  
or just a feel with these which olderman K.K. Alwayswelly he  
is showing ot the fullnights for my palmspread was gav to a  
parsleysprig, the curliest weedeen old ocean coils around, so spruce  
a spice for salthorse, sonnies, and as tear to the thrusty as Tay-  
lor’s Spring, when aftabournes, when she was look like a little  
cheayat chilled (Oh sard! ah Mah!) by my tide impracing, as  
Beacher seath, and all the colories fair fled from my folced cheeks!%j%

