format: snippet


%ni%hunters, from the Curragh, and confusionaries and the authori-  
ties, Noord Amrikaans and Suid Aferican cattleraiders (so they  
say) all over like a tiara dullfuoco, in his grey half a tall hat and  
his amber necklace and his crimson harness and his leathern jib  
and his cheapshein hairshirt and his scotobrit sash and his para-  
pilagian gallowglasses (how do you do, jaypee, Elevato!) to find  
out all the improper colleges (and how do you do, Mr Dame  
James? Get out of my way!), forkbearded and bluetoothed and  
bellied and boneless, from Strathlyffe and Aylesburg and North-  
umberland Anglesey, the whole yaghoodurt sweepstakings and  
all the horsepowers. But now, talking of hayastdanars and  
wolkingology and how our seaborn isle came into exestuance,  
(the explutor, his three andesiters and the two pantellarias) that  
reminds me about the manausteriums of the poor Marcus of Lyons  
and poor Johnny, the patrician, and what do you think of the four  
of us and there they were now, listening right enough, the four  
saltwater widowers, and all they could remembore, long long ago  
in the olden times Momonian, throw darker hour sorrows, the  
princest day, when Fair Margrate waited Swede Villem, and Lally  
in the rain, with the blank prints, now extincts, after the wreak  
of Wormans’ Noe, the barmaisigheds, when my heart knew no  
care, and after that then there was the official landing of Lady  
Jales Casemate, in the year of the flood 1132 S.O.S., and the  
christening of Queen Baltersby, the Fourth Buzzersbee, accord-  
ing to Her Grace the bishop Senior, off the whate shape, and  
then there was the drowning of Pharoah and all his pedestrians  
and they were all completely drowned into the sea, the red sea,  
and then poor Merkin Cornyngwham, the official out of the  
castle on pension, when he was completely drowned off Erin  
Isles, at that time, suir knows, in the red sea and a lovely  
mourning paper and thank God, as Saman said, there were no  
more of him. And that now was how it was. The arzurian deeps  
o’er his humbodumbones sweeps. And his widdy the giddy is  
wreathing her murmoirs as her gracest triput to the Grocery  
Trader’s Manthly. Mind mand gunfree by Gladeys Rayburn!  
Runtable’s Reincorporated. The new world presses. Where the%j%

