format: snippet


%ni%aureolies. We should say you dones the polecad. Bang on the  
booche, gurg in the gorge, rap on the roof and your flup is unbu...

<span class="cap">butt</span> (at the signal of his act which seems to sharpnel his  
innermals menody, playing the spool of the little brown jog round the  
wheel of her whang goes the millner). Buckily buckily, blodestained  
boyne! Bimbambombumb. His snapper was shot in the Rumjar  
Journaral. Why the gigls he lubbed beeyed him.

<span class="cap">taff</span> (obliges with a two stop yogacoga sumphoty on the bones or ivory  
girl and ebony boy). The balacleivka! Trovatarovitch! I trumble!

<span class="cap">butt</span> (with the sickle of a scygthe but the humour of a hummer, O,  
howorodies through his cholaroguled, fumfing to a fullfrength with  
this wallowing olfact). Mortar martar tartar wartar! May his  
boules grow wider so his skittles gets worse! The aged monad  
making a venture out of the murder of investment. I seen him  
acting surgent what betwinks the scimitar star and the ashen  
moon. By their lights shalthow throw him! Piff paff for puffpuff  
and my pife for his cgar! The mlachy way for gambling.

[Up to this curkscraw bind an admirable verbivocovisual pre-  
sentment of the worldrenownced Caerholme Event has been being  
given by The Irish Race and World. The huddled and aliven stable-  
crashers have shared fleetfooted enthusiasm with the paddocks  
dare and ditches tare while the mews was combing ground. Hippo-  
hopparray helioscope flashed winsor places as the gates might see.  
Meusdeus! That was (with burning briar) Mr Twomass Noho-  
holan for their common contribe satisfunction in the purports of  
amusedment telling the Verily Roverend Father Epiphanes  
shrineshriver of Saint Dhorough’s (in browne bomler) how  
(assuary as there’s a bonum in your osstheology!) Backlegs  
shirked the racing kenneldar. The saintly scholarist’s roastering  
guffalawd of nupersaturals holler at this metanoic excomologosis  
tells of the chestnut’s (once again, Wittyngtom!) absolutionally  
romptyhompty successfulness. A lot of lasses and lads without  
damas or dads, but fresh and blued with collecting boxes. One  
aught spare ores triflets, to be shut: it is Coppingers for the  
children. Slippery Sam hard by them, physically present how-%j%

