format: snippet


%i%[*The pump and pipe pingers are ideally reconstituted. The  
putther and bowls are peterpacked up. All the presents are deter-  
mining as regards for the future the howabouts of their past  
absences which they might see on at hearing could they once smell  
of tastes from touch. To ought find a values for. The must over-  
listingness. When ex what is ungiven. As ad where. Stillhead.  
Blunk.*]

Shutmup. And bud did down well right. And if he sung dumb  
in his glass darkly speech lit face to face on allaround.

Vociferagitant. Viceversounding. Namely, Abdul Abulbul  
Amir or Ivan Slavansky Slavar. In alldconfusalem. As to whom the  
major guiltfeather pertained it was Hercushiccups’ care to educe.  
Beauty’s bath she’s bound to bind beholders and pride, his purge,  
has place appoint in penance and the law’s own libel lifts and  
lames the low with the lofty. Be of the housed! While the Hersy  
Hunt they harrow the hill for to rout them rollicking rogues  
from, rule those racketeer romps from, rein their rockery rides  
from. Rambling.

Nightclothesed, arooned, the conquerods sway. After their  
battle thy fair bosom.
%—%That is too tootrue enough in Solidan’s Island as in Mol-  
tern Giaourmany and from the Amelakins off to date back to  
land of engined Egypsians, assented from his opening before his  
inlookers of where an oxmanstongue stalled stabled the well-  
nourished one, lord of the seven days, overlord of sats and suns,  
the sat of all the suns which are in the ring of his system of the  
sats of his sun, god of the scuffeldfallen skillfilledfelon, who (he  
contaimns) hangsters, who (he constrains) hersirrs, a gain chang-  
ful, a mintage vaster, heavy on shirts, lucky with shifts, the top-  
side humpup stummock atween his showdows fellah, Misto Tee  
wiley Spillitshops, who keepeth watch in Khummer-Phett, whose  
spouse is An-Lyph, the dog’s bladder, warmer of his couch in  
fore. We all, for whole men is lepers, have been nobbut won-  
terers in that chill childerness which is our true name after the  
allfaulters (mug’s luck to em!) and, bespeaking of love and lie  
detectors in venuvarities, whateither the drugs truth of it, was%j%

