format: snippet


%ni%catz come buck beques he caudant stail awake) he touched upon  
this tree of livings in the middenst of the garerden for inasmuch  
as because that he confessed to it on Hillel and down Dalem and  
in the places which the lepers inhabit in the place of the stones  
and in pontofert jusfuggading amoret now he come to think of it  
jolly well ruttengenerously olyovyover the ole blucky shop. Pugger  
old Pumpey O’Dungaschiff! There will be a hen collection of him  
after avensung on the feld of Hanar. Dumble down, looties and  
gengstermen! Dtin, dtin, dtin, dtin!]



<span class="cap">butt</span> (with a gisture expansive of Mr Lhugewhite Cadderpollard  
with sunflawered beautonhole pulled up point blanck by mailbag  
mundaynism at Oldbally Court though the hissindensity buck far  
of his melovelance tells how when he was fast marking his first  
lord for cremation the whyfe of his bothem was the very lad’s thing  
to elter his mehind). Prostatates, pujealousties! Dovolnoisers,  
prayshyous! Defense in every circumstancias of deboutcheries  
no the chaste daffs I Pack pickets, pioghs and kughs to be palsey-  
putred! Be at the peme, prease, of not forgetting or mere betoken  
yourself to hother prace! Correct me, pleatze commando, for  
cossakes but I abjure of it. No more basquibezigues for this pole  
aprican! With askormiles’ eskermillas. I had my billyfell of  
duckish delights the whole pukny time on rawmeots and juliannes-  
with their lambstoels in my kiddeneys and my ramsbutter in  
their sassenacher ribs, knee her, do her and trey her, when  
th’osirian cumb dumb like the whalf on the fiord and we prey-  
ing players and pinching peacesmokes, troupkers tomiatskyns  
all, for Father Petrie Spence of Parishmoslattary to go and leave  
us and the crimsend daun to shellalite on the darkumen (scene  
as signed, Slobabogue), feeding and sleeping on the huguenottes  
(the snuggest spalniel’s where the lieon’s tame!) and raiding  
revolations over the allbegeneses (sand us and saint us and  
sound as agun!). Yet still in all, spit for spat, like we chantied on  
Sunda schoon, every warson wearrier kaddies a komnate in  
his schnapsack and unlist I am getting foegutfulls of the rugi-  
ments of savaliged wildfire I was gamefellow willmate and send%j%

