format: snippet


%ni%only a pippappoff pigeon shoot that gracesold getrunner, the  
man of centuries, was bowled out by judge, jury and umpire at  
batman’s biff like a witchbefooled legate. Dupe.

His almonence being alaterelly in dispensation with his three  
oldher patrons’ aid, providencer’s divine cow to milkfeeding  
mleckman, bonafacies to solafides, what matter what all his  
freudzay or who holds his hat to harm him, let hutch just keep  
on under at being a vanished consinent and let annapal livibel  
prettily prattle a lude all her own. And be that semeliminal  
salmon solemonly angled, ingate and outgate. A truce to lovecalls,  
dulled in warclothes, maleybags, things and bleakhusen. Leave  
the letter that never begins to go find the latter that ever comes  
to end, written in smoke and blurred by mist and signed of  
solitude, sealed at night.

Simply. As says the mug in the middle, nay brian nay noel,  
ney billy ney boney. Imagine twee cweamy wosen. Suppwose  
you get a beautiful thought and cull them sylvias sub silence.  
Then inmaggin a stotterer. Suppoutre him to been one bigger-  
master Omnibil. Then lustily (tutu the font and tritt on the boks-  
woods like gay feeters’s dance) immengine up to three longly  
lurking lobstarts. Fair instents the Will Woolsley Wellaslayers.  
Pet her, pink him, play pranks with them. She will nod ampro-  
perly smile. He may seem to appraisiate it. They are as piractical  
jukersmen sure to paltipsypote. Feel the wollies drippeling out  
of your fingathumbs. Says to youssilves (floweers have ears,  
heahear!) solowly: So these ease Budlim! How do, dainty dau-  
limbs? So peached to pick on you in this way, prue and simple,  
pritt and spry! Heyday too, Malster Faunagon, and hopes your  
hahititahiti licks the mankey nuts! And oodlum hoodlum dood-  
lum to yes, Donn, Teague and Hurleg, who the bullocks brought  
you here and how the hillocks are ye?

We want Bud. We want Bud Budderly. We want Bud Budderly  
boddily. There he is in his Borrisalooner. The man that shunned  
the rucks on Gereland. The man thut won the bettlle of the  
bawll. Order, order, order, order! And tough. We call on Tan-  
cred Artaxerxes Flavin to compeer with Barnabas Ulick Dunne.%j%

