format: snippet


%ni%to ear, comprong? (c) becakes the goatsman on question, or what-  
ever the hen the bumbler was, feeling not up to scratch bekicks  
of whatever the kiddings Payne Inge and Popper meant for him,  
thoughy onced at a throughlove, true grievingfrue danger, as a  
nirshe persent to his minstress, devourced the pair of them  
Mather Caray’s chucklings, pante blanche, and skittered his litters  
like the cavaliery man in Cobra Park for ungeborn yenkelmen,  
Jeremy Trouvas or Kepin O’Keepers, any old howe and any old  
then and when around Dix Dearthy Dungbin, remarking sceni-  
cally with laddylike lassitude upon what he finally postscrapped,  
(d) after it’s so long till I thanked you about I do so much now  
thank you so very much as you introduced me to fourks, (e) will,  
these remind to be sane? (f) Fool step! Aletheometry? Or just  
zoot doon floon?

Nut it out, peeby eye! Onamassofmancynaves.

But. Top.

You were in the same boat of yourselves too, Getobodoff or  
Treamplasurin; and you receptionated the most diliskious of  
milisk; which it all flowowered your drooplin dunlearies: but  
dribble a drob went down your rothole. Meaning, Kelly, Grimes,  
Phelan, Mollanny, O’Brien, MacAlister, Sealy, Coyle, Hynes-  
Joynes, Naylar-Traynor, Courcy de Courcy and Gilligan-Goll.

Stunner of oddstodds on bluebleeding boarhorse! What  
soresen’s head subrises thus tous out of rumpumplikun oak with,  
well, we cannot say whom we are looking like through his now-  
face? It is of Noggens whilk dusts the bothsides of the seats of the  
bigslaps of the bogchaps of the porlarbaar of the marringaar of the  
Lochlunn gonlannludder of the feof of the foef of forfummed  
Ship-le-Zoyd.

Boumce! It is polisignstunter. The Sockerson boy. To pump  
the fire of the lewd into those soulths of bauchees, havsouse-  
dovers, tillfellthey deadwar knootvindict. An whele time he was  
rancing there smutsy floskons nodunder ycholerd for their  
poopishers, ahull onem Fyre maynoother endnow! Shatten up  
ship! Bouououmce! Nomo clandoilskins cheakinlevers! All  
ashored for Capolic Gizzards! Stowlaway there, glutany of%j%

