format: snippet


%ni%it?) have (when I ope my shylight window and I see coocoo) a  
notion quiet involuptary of that I am cadging hapsnots as at  
murmurrandoms of distend renations from ficsimilar phases or  
dugouts in the behindscenes of our earthwork (what rovining  
shudder! what deadly loom!) as this is, at no spatial time pro-  
cessly which regards to concrude chronology about which in  
fact, at spite of I having belittled myself to my gay giftname of  
insectarian, happy burgages abeyance would make homesweets-  
town hopeygoalucrey, my mottu propprior, as I claim, cad’s  
truck, I coined, I am highly pelaged and deeply gluttened to  
mind hindmost hearts to see by their loudest reports from my  
threespawn bottery parts (shsh!) that, colombophile and corvino-  
phobe alike, when I have remassed me, my travellingself, as from  
Magellanic clouds, after my contractual expenditures, through  
the perofficies of merelimb, I, my good grief, I am, I am big  
altoogooder.

He beached the bark of his tale; and set to husband and vine:  
and the harpermaster told all the living conservancy, know  
Meschiameschianah, how that win a gain was in again. Flying  
the Perseoroyal. Withal aboarder, padar and madar, hal qnd sal,  
the sens of Ere with the duchtars of Iran. Amick amack amock in  
a mucktub. Qith the tou loulous and the gryffygryffygryffs, at  
Fenegans Wick, the Wildemanns. Washed up whight and de-  
liveried rhight. Loud lauds to his luckhump and bejetties on jo-  
nahs! And they winxed and wanxed like baillybeacons. Till we  
woksed up oldermen.

From whose plultibust preaggravated, by baskatchairch theo-  
logies (there werenighn on thaurity herouns in that alraschil  
arthouducks draken), they were whoalike placed to say, in the  
matters off ducomans nonbar one, with bears’ respects to him and  
bulls’ acknowledgments (come on now, girls! lead off, O cara,  
whichever won of you wins! The two Gemuas and Jane Agrah  
and Judy Tombuys!) disassembling and taking him apart, the  
slammocks, with discrimination for his maypole and a rub in  
passing over his hump, drogueries inaddendance, frons, fesces  
and frithstool: 1) he hade to die it, the beetle, 2) he didhithim self,%j%

