format: snippet


%ni%deiffel or when the finicking or why the funicking, who caused  
the scaffolding to be first removed you give orders, babeling,  
were their reidey meade answer when on the cutey (the cores-  
pondent) in conflict of evidence drew a kick at witness but  
(missed) and for whom in the dyfflun’s kiddy removed the  
planks they were wanted, boob.

Bump!

Bothallchoractorschumminaroundgansumuminarumdrum-  
strumtruminahumptadumpwaultopoofoolooderamaunsturnup!
%—%Did do a dive, aped one.
%—%Propellopalombarouter, based two.
%—%Rutsch is for rutterman ramping his roe, seed three. Where  
the muddies scrimm ball. Bimbim bimbim. And the maidies  
scream all. Himhim himhim.

And forthemore let legend go lore of it that mortar scene so  
cwympty dwympty what a dustydust it razed arboriginally but,  
luck’s leap to the lad at the top of the ladder, so sartor’s risorted  
why the sinner the badder! Ho ho ho hoch! La la la lach! Hillary  
rillarry gibbous grist to our millery! A pushpull, qq: quiescence,  
pp: with extravent intervulve coupling.. The savest lauf in the  
world. Paradoxmutose caring, but here in a present booth of Balla-  
clay, Barthalamou, where their dutchuncler mynhosts and serves  
them dram well right for a boors’ interior (homereek van hohm-  
ryk) that salve that selver is to screen its auntey and has ringround  
as worldwise eve her sins (pip, pip, pip) willpip futurepip feature  
apip footloose pastcast with spareshins and flash substittles of  
noirse-made-earsy from a nephew mind the narrator but give the  
devil his so long as those sohns of a blitzh call the tuone tuone and  
thonder alout makes the thurd. Let there be. Due.
%—%That’s all murtagh purtagh but whad ababs his dopter?  
sissed they who were onetime ungkerls themselves, (when the  
youthel of his yorn shook the bouchal in his bed) twilled along-  
side in wiping the Ace assatiated with their wetting. The lappel  
of his size? His ros in sola velnere and he sicckumed of homnis  
terrars. She wends to scoulas in her slalpers. There were no pea-  
nats in her famalgia so no wumble she tumbled for his famas%j%

