format: snippet


%ni%of his first foetotype (Trolldedroll, how vary and likely!), the filli-  
bustered, the fully bellied. With the old sit in his shoulders, and  
the new satin atlas onder his uxter, erning his breadth to the swelt  
of his proud and, picking up the emberose of the lizod lights, his  
tail toiled of spume and spawn, and the bulk of him, and hulk of  
him as whenever it was he reddled a ruad to riddle a rede from the  
sphinxish pairc while Ede was a guardin, ere love a side issue.  
They hailed him cheeringly, their encient, the murrainer, and  
wallruse, the merman, ye seal that lubs you lassers, Thallasee or  
Tullafilmagh, when come of uniform age.
%—%Heave, coves, emptybloddy!

And ere he could catch or hook or line to suit their saussyskins,  
the lumpenpack. Underbund was overraskelled. As
%—%Sot! sod the tailors opsits from their gabbalots, change all  
that whole set. Shut down and shet up. Our set, our set’s  
allohn.

And they poured em behoiled on the fire. Scaald!

Rowdiose wodhalooing. Theirs is one lessonless missage for  
good and truesirs. Will any persen bereaved to be passent bring-  
back or rumpart to the Hoved politymester. Clontarf, one love,  
one fear. Ellers for the greeter glossary of code, callen hom:  
Finucane-Lee, Finucane-Law.

Am. Dg.

Welter focussed.

Wind from the nordth. Warmer towards muffinbell, Lull.

As our revelant Colunnfiller predicted in last mount’s chattiry  
sermon, the allexpected depression over Schiumdinebbia, a bygger  
muster of veirying precipitation and haralded by faugh sicknells,  
(hear kokkenhovens ekstras!) and umwalloped in an unusuable  
suite of clouds, having filthered through the middelhav of the  
same gorgers’ kennel on its wage wealthwards and incursioned a  
sotten retch of low pleasure, missed in some parts but with lucal  
drizzles, the outlook for tomarry (Streamstress Mandig) beamed  
brider, his ability good.

What hopends to they?

Giant crash in Aden. Birdflights confirm abbroaching nub-%j%

