format: snippet


%ni%cious memory and that proud grace to her, in gait a movely water,  
of smile a coolsome cup, with that rarefied air of a Montmalency  
and her quick little breaths and her climbing colour. Take thee  
live will save thee wive? I’ll think uplon, lilady. Should anerous  
enthroproise call homovirtue, duinnafear! The ghem’s to the  
ghoom be she nere zo zma. Obsit nemon! Floodlift, her ancient  
of rights regaining, so yester yidd, even remembrance. And  
greater grown then in the trifle of her days, a mouse, a mere  
tittle, trots offwith the whole panoromacron picture. Her young-  
free yoke stilling his wandercursus, jilt the spin of a curl and jolt  
the broadth of a buoy. The Annexandreian captive conquest.  
Ethna Prettyplume, Hooghly Spaight. Him her first lap, her his  
fast pal, for ditcher for plower, till deltas twoport. While this  
glowworld’s lump is gloaming off and han in hende will grow.  
Through simpling years where the lowcasts have aten of amilikan  
honey and datish fruits and a bannock of barley on Tham the  
Thatcher’s palm. O wanderness be wondernest and now! Listen-  
eath to me, veils of Mina! He would withsay, nepertheloss, that  
is too me mean. I oldways did me walsh and preechup ere we set  
to sope and fash. Now eats the vintner over these contents oft  
with his sad slow munch for backonham. Yet never shet it the  
brood of aurowoch, not for legions of donours of Gamuels. I  
have performed the law in truth for the lord of the law, Taif  
Alif I have held out my hand for the holder of my heart in Anna-  
polis, my youthrib city. Be ye then my protectors unto Mussa-  
botomia before the guards of the city. Theirs theres is a gentle-  
meants agreement. Womensch plodge. To slope through heather  
till the foot. Join Andersoon and Co. If the flowers of speech  
valed the springs of me rising the hiker I hilltapped the murk I  
mist my blezzard way. Not a knocker on his head nor a nick-  
number on the manyoumeant. With that coldtbrundt natteldster  
wefting stinks from Alpyssinia, wooving nihilnulls from Memo-  
land and wolving the ulvertones of the voice. But his spectrem  
onlymergeant crested from the irised sea in plight, calvitousness,  
loss, nngnr, gliddinyss, unwill and snorth. It might have been  
what you call your change of my life but there’s the chance of a%j%

