format: snippet


%ni%in your flesh. To tell how your mead of, mard, is made of. All old  
Dadgerson’s dodges one conning one’s copying and that’s what  
wonderland’s wanderlad’ll flaunt to the fair. A trancedone boy-  
script with tittivits by. Ahem. You’ll read it tomorrow, marn,  
when the curds on the table. A nigg for a nogg and a thrate for  
a throte. The auditor learns. Still pumping on Torkenwhite Rad-  
lumps, Lencs. In preplays to Anonymay’s left hinted palinode  
obviously inspiterebbed by a sibspecious connexion. Note the  
notes of admiration! See the signs of suspicion! Count the hemi-  
semidemicolons! Screamer caps and invented gommas, quoites  
puntlost, forced to farce! The pipette will say anything at all for  
a change. And you know what aglove means in the Murdrus due-  
luct! Fewer to feud and rompant culotticism, a fugle for the glee-  
men and save, sit and sew. And a pants outsizinned on the  
Doughertys’ duckboard pointing to peace at home. In some,  
lawanorder on lovinardor. Wait till we hear the Boy of Biskop  
reeling around your postoral lector! Epistlemadethemology for  
deep dorfy doubtlings. As we’ll lay till break of day in the bunk of  
basky, O! Our island, Rome and duty! Well tried, buckstiff! Batt  
in, boot! Sell him a breach contact, the vendoror, the buylawyer  
One hyde, sack, hic! Two stick holst, Lucky! Finnish Make Goal!  
First you were Nomad, next you were Namar, now you’re Nu-  
mah and it’s soon you’ll be Nomon. Hence counsels Ecclesiast.  
There’s every resumption. The forgein offils is on the shove to  
lay you out dossier. Darby’s in the yard, planning it on you, plot  
and edgings, the whispering peeler after cooks wearing an illfor-  
mation. The find of his kind! An artist, sir! And dirt cheap at  
a sovereign a skull! He knows his Finsbury Follies backwoods  
so you batter see to your regent refutation. Ascare winde is rifing  
again about nice boys going native. You know who was wrote  
about in the Orange Book of Estchapel? Basil and the two other  
men from King’s Avenance. Just press this cold brand against  
your brow for a mow. Cainfully! The sinus the curse. That’s it.  
Hung Chung Egglyfella now speak he tell numptywumpty top-  
sawys belongahim pidgin. Secret things other persons place there  
covered not. How you fell from story to story like a sagasand%j%

