format: snippet


%ni%that flashermind’s rays and his lipponease longuewedge wambles).  
Ullahbluh! Sehyoh narar, pokehole sann! Manhead very dirty by  
am anoyato. Like old Dolldy Icon when he cooked up his iggs  
in bicon. He gatovit and me gotafit and Oalgoak’s Cheloven gut  
a fudden. Povar old pitschobed! Molodeztious of metchennacht  
belaburt that pentschmyaso! Bog carsse and dam neat, sar, gam  
cant! Limbers affront of him, lumbers behund. While the bucks  
bite his dos his hart bides the ros till the bounds of his bays bell  
the warning. Sobaiter sobarkar. He was enmivallupped. Chro-  
mean fastion. With all his cannoball wappents. In his raglanrock  
and his malakoiffed bulbsbyg and his varnashed roscians and his  
cardigans blousejagged and his scarlett manchokuffs and his tree-  
coloured camiflag and his perikopendolous gaelstorms. Here  
weeks hire pulchers! Obriania’s beromst! From Karrs and  
Polikoff’s, the men’s confessioners. Seval shimars pleasant  
time payings. Mousoumeselles buckwoulds look. Tenter and  
likelings.

<span class="cap">taff</span> (all Perssiasterssias shookatnaratatattar at his waggon-  
horchers, his bulgeglarying stargapers razzledazzlingly full of eyes,  
full of balls, full of holes, full of buttons, full of stains, full of medals,  
full of blickblackblobs). Grozarktic! Toadlebens! Some garment-  
guy! Insects appalling, low hum clang sin! A cheap decoy! Too  
deep destroy! Say mangraphique, may say nay por daguerre!

<span class="cap">butt</span> (if that he hids foregodden has nate of glozery farused ameet  
the florahs of the follest, his spent fish’s livid smile giving allasundery  
the bumfit of the doped). Come alleyou jupes of Wymmingtown  
that graze the calves of Man! A bear raigning in his heavenspawn  
consomation robes. Rent, outraged, yewleaved, grained, bal-  
looned, hindergored and voluant! Erminia’s capecloaked hoo-  
doodman! First he s s st steppes. Then he st stoo stoopt. Lookt.

<span class="cap">taff</span> (strick struck strangling like aleal lusky Lubliner to merum-  
ber by the cycl of the cruize who strungled Attahilloupa with what  
empoisoned El Monte de Zuma and failing wilnaynilnay that he  
was pallups barn in the minkst of the Krumlin befodt he was pop-  
soused into the monkst of the vatercan, makes the holypolygon of  
the emt on the greaseshaper, a little farther, a little soon, a lettera-%j%

