format: snippet


Guns.

Keep backwards, please, because there was no good to gundy  
running up again. Guns. And it was written up in big capital.  
Guns. Saying never underrupt greatgrandgosterfosters! Guns.  
And whatever one did they said, the fourlings, that on no acounts  
you were not to. Guns.

Not to pad them behaunt in the fear. Not to go, tonnerwatter,  
and bungley well chute the rising gianerant. Not to wandly be  
woking around jerumsalemdo at small hours about the murketplots,  
smelling okey boney, this little figgy and arraky belloky this little  
pink into porker but, porkodirto, to let the gentlemen pedesta-  
rolies out of the Monabella culculpuration live his own left leave,  
cullebuone, by perperusual of the petpubblicities without inwok-  
ing his also’s between (sic) the arraky bone and (suc) the okey  
bellock. And not to not be always, hemmer and hummer, treeing  
unselves up with one exite but not to never be caving nicely, pre-  
cisely, quicely, rebustly, tendrolly, unremarkably, forsakenly, hal-  
tedly, reputedly, firstly, somewhatly, yesayenolly about the back  
excits. Never to weaken up in place of the broths. Never to vvol-  
lusslleepp in the pleece of the poots. And, allerthings, never to ate  
the sour deans if they weren’t having anysin on their consients.  
And, when in Zumschloss, to never, narks, cease till the finely  
ending was consummated by the completion of accomplishment.

And thus within the tavern’s secret booth The wisehight ones  
who sip the tested sooth Bestir them as the Just has bid to jab The  
punch of quaram on the mug of truth.

K.C. jowls, they’re sodden in the secret. K.C. jowls, they sure  
are wise. K.C. jowls, the justicestjobbers, for they’ll find another  
faller if their ruse won’t rise. Whooley the Whooper.

There is to see. Squarish large face with the atlas jacket. Brights,  
brownie eyes in bluesackin shoeings. Peaky booky nose over a  
lousiany shirt. Ruddy stackle hair besides a strawcamel belt.  
Namely. Gregorovitch, Leonocopolos, Tarpinacci and Duggel-  
duggel. And was theys stare all atime? Yea but they was. Andor-  
ing the games, induring the studies, undaring the stories, end all.  
Ned? Only snugged then and cosied after one percepted nought%j%

