format: snippet


%ni%the Goat, that gafr, ate the Suenders bible. Hadn’t we heaven’s  
lamps to hide us? Yet every lane had its lively spark and every  
spark had its several spurtles and each spitfire spurtle had some  
trick of her trade, a tease for Ned, nook’s nestle for Fred and  
a peep at me mow for Peer Pol. So that Father Matt Hughes  
looked taytotally threbled. But Danno the Dane grimmed. Dune.  
’Twere yeg will elsecare doatty lanv meet they dewscent hyemn  
to cannons’ roar and rifles’ peal vill shantey soloweys sang! For  
there were no more Tyrrhanees and for Laxembraghs was pass-  
thecupper to Our Lader’s. And it was dim upon the floods only  
and there was day on all the ground.

Thus street spins legends while wharves woves tales but some  
family fewd felt a nick in their name. Old Vickers sate down on  
their airs and straightened the points of their lace. Red Rowleys  
popped out of their lairs and asked what was wrong with the  
race. Mick na Murrough used dripping in layers to shave  
all the furze off his face. The Burke-Lees and Coyle-Finns  
paid full feines for their sinns when the Cap and Miss Coolie  
were roped.

Rolloraped.

With her banbax hoist from holder, zig for zag through pool  
and polder, cheap, cheap, cheap and Laughing Jack, all augurs  
scorenning, see the Bolche your pictures motion and Kitzy  
Kleinsuessmein eloping for that holm in Finn’s Hotel Fiord,  
Nova Norening. Where they pulled down the kuddle and they  
made fray and if thee don’t look homey, well, that Dook can eye  
Mae.

He goat a berth. And she cot a manege. And wohl’s gorse  
mundom ganna wedst.

Knock knock. War’s where! Which war? The Twwinns.  
Knock knock. Woos without! Without what? An apple. Knock  
knock.

The kilder massed, one then and uhindred, (harefoot, birdy-  
hands, herringabone, beesknees), and they barneydansked a  
kathareen round to know the who and to show the howsome.  
Why was you hiding, moder of moders? And where was hunty,%j%

