format: snippet


%ni%somedever morally absent, was slooching about in his knavish  
diamonds asking Gmax, Knox and the Dmuggies (a pinnance for  
your toughts, turffers!) to deck the ace of duds. Tomtinker Tim,  
howbeit, his unremitting retainer, (the seers are the seers of  
Samael but the heers are the heers of Timoth) is in Boozer’s  
Gloom, soalken steady in his sulken tents. Baldawl the curse,  
baledale the day! And the frocks of shick sheeples in their shum-  
mering insamples! You see: a chiefsmith, semperal scandal  
stinkmakers, a middinest from the Casabianca and, of course,  
Mr Fry. Barass! Pardon the inquisition, causas es quostas?  
It is Da Valorem’s Dominical Brayers. Why coif that weird  
hood? Because among nosoever circusdances is to be apprehended  
the dustungwashed poltronage of the lost Gabbarnaur-Jaggar-  
nath. Pamjab! Gross Jumpiter, whud was thud? Luckluckluck-  
luckluckluckluck! It is the Thousand to One Guinea-Gooseberry’s  
Lipperfull Slipver Cup. Hold hard, ridesiddle titelittle Pitsy  
Riley! Gurragrunch, gurragrunch! They are at the turn of the  
fourth of the hurdles. By the hross of Xristos, Holophullopopu-  
lace is a shote of excramation! Bumchub! Emancipator, the  
Creman hunter (Major Hermyn C. Entwhistle) with dramatic  
effect reproducing the form of famous sires on the scene of the  
formers triumphs, is showing the eagle’s way to Mr Whayte-  
hayte’s three buy geldings Homo Made Ink, Bailey Beacon  
and Ratatuohy while Furstin II and The Other Girl (Mrs  
‘Boss’ Waters, Leavybrink) too early spring dabbles, are showing  
a clean pairofhids to Immensipater. Sinkathinks to oppen here!  
To this virgin’s tuft, on this golden of evens! I never sought of  
sinkathink. Our lorkmakor he is proformly annuysed He is  
shinkly thinkly shaking in his schayns. Sat will be off follteedee.  
This eeridreme has being effered you by Bett and Tipp. Tipp and  
Bett, our swapstick quackchancers, in From Topphole to Bot  
tom of The Irish Race and World.]



<span class="cap">taff</span> (awary that the first sports report of Loudin Reginald  
has now been afterthoughtfully colliberated by a saggind spurts  
flash, takes the dipperend direction and, for tasing the tiomor of%j%

