format: snippet


Why, wonder of wenchalows, what o szeszame open, v doer s t  
doing? V door s being. But how theng thingajarry miens but this  
being becoming n z doer? K? An o. It is ne not him what foots  
like a glove, shoehandschiner Pad Podomkin. Sooftly, anni  
slavey, szszuszchee is slowjaneska.

The aged crafty nummifeed confusionary overinsured ever-  
Iapsing accentuated katekattershin clopped, clopped, clopped,  
darsey dobrey, back and along the danzing corridor, as she was  
going to pimpim him, way boy wally, not without her comple-  
ment of cavarnan men, between the two deathdealing allied  
divisions and the lines of readypresent fire of the corkedagains up-  
stored, taken in giving the saloot, band your hands going in, bind  
your heads coming out, and remoltked to herselp in her serf’s  
alown, a weerpovy willowy dreevy drawly and the patter of so  
familiars, farabroads and behomeans, as she shure sknows, boof  
for a booby, boo: new uses in their mewseyfume. The jammesons  
is a cook in his hair. And the juinnesses is a rapin his hind. And  
the Bullingdong caught the wind up. Dip.

And the message she braught belaw from the missus she  
bragged abouve that had her agony stays outsize her sari chemise,  
blancking her shifts for to keep up the fascion since the king of  
all dronnings kissed her beeswixed hand, fang (pierce me, hunky,  
I’m full of meunders!), her fize like a tubtail of mondayne  
clothes, fed to the chaps with working medicals and her birthright  
pang that would split an atam like the forty pins in her hood, was  
to fader huncher a howdydowdy, to mountainy mots in her  
amnest plein language, from his fain a wan, his hot and tot lass,  
to pierce his ropeloop ear, how, Podushka be prayhasd, now the  
sowns of his loins were awinking and waking and his dorter of  
the hush lillabilla lullaby (lead us not into reformication with the  
poors in your thingdom of gory, O moan!), once after males,  
nonce at a time, with them Murphy’s puffs she dursted with  
gnockmeggs and the bramborry cake for dour dorty dompling  
obayre Mattom Beetom_and epsut the pfot and if he was whishtful  
to licture her caudal with chesty chach from his dauberg den  
and noviny news from Naul or toplots talks from morrienbaths%j%

