format: snippet


%ni%night for my lifting. Hillyhollow, valleylow! With the sounds  
and the scents in the morning.
%—%I shot be shoddied, throttle me, fine me cowheel for ever,  
usquebauched the ersewild aleconner, for bringing briars to Bem-  
bracken and ringing rinbus round Demetrius for, as you wrinkle  
wryghtly, bully bluedomer, it’s a suirsite’s stircus haunting hes-  
teries round old volcanoes. We gin too gnir and thus plinary  
indulgence makes collemullas of us all. But Time is for talerman  
tasting his tap. Tiptoptap, Mister Maut.

He made one summery (Cholk and murble in lonestime) of his  
the three swallows like he was muzzling Moselems and torched  
up as the faery pangeant fluwed down the hisophenguts, a slake  
for the quicklining, to the tickle of his tube and the twobble of  
his fable, O, fibbing once upon a spray what a queer and queasy  
spree it was. Plumped.

Which both did. Prompt. Eh, chrystal holder? Save Ampster-  
dampster that had rheumaniscences in his netherlumbs.
%—%By the drope in his groin, Ali Slupa, thinks the cappon,  
plumbing his liners, we were heretofore.
%—%And be the coop of his gobbos, Reacher the Thaurd, thinks  
your girth fatter, apopo of his buckseaseilers, but where’s Horace’s  
courtin troopsers?
%—%I put hem behind the oasthouse, sagd Pukkelsen, tuning  
wound on the teller, appeased to the cue, that double dyode  
dealered, and he’s wallowing awash swill of the Tarra water. And  
it marinned down his gargantast trombsathletic like the marousers of  
the gulpstroom. The kersse of Wolafs on him, shitateyar, he sagd in  
the fornicular, and, at weare or not at weare, I’m sigen no stretcher,  
for I carsed his murhersson goat in trotthers with them newbuckle-  
noosers behigh in the fire behame in the oasthouse. Hops! sagd he.
%—%Smoke and coke choke! lauffed till the tear trickled drown a  
thigh the loafers all but a sheep’s whosepants that swished to the  
lord he hadn’t and the starer his story was talled to who felt that,  
the fierifornax being thurst on him motophosically, as Omar  
sometime notes, such a satuation, debauchly to be watched for,  
would empty dempty him down to the ground.

