format: snippet


%ni%and ours. Fly your balloons, dannies and dennises! He’s door-  
knobs dead! And Annie Delap is free! Ones more. We could  
ate you, par Buccas, and imbabe through you, reassuranced in  
the wild lac of gotliness. One fledge, one brood till hulm  
culms evurdyburdy. Huh the throman! Huh the traidor. Huh  
the truh. Arrorsure, he’s the mannork of Arrahland over-  
sense he horrhorrd his name in thuthunder. Rrrwwwkkkrrr!  
And seen it rudden up in fusefiressence on the flashmurket.  
P.R.C.R.L.L. Royloy. Of the rollorrish rattillary. The lewd-  
ningbluebolteredallucktruckalltraumconductor! The unnamed  
nonirishblooder that becomes a Greenislender overnight! But  
we’re molting superstituettes out of his fulse thortin guts. Tried  
mark, Easterlings. Sign, Soideric O’Cunnuc, Rix. Adversed ord,  
Magtmorken, Kovenhow. There’s a great conversion, myn! Cou-  
cous! Find his causcaus! From Motometusolum through Bulley  
and Cowlie and Diggerydiggerydock down to bazeness’s usual?  
He’s alight there still, by Mike! Loose afore! Bung! Bring forth  
your deed! Bang! Till is the right time. Bang! Partick Thistle  
agen S. Megan’s versus Brystal Palace agus the Walsall! Putsch!  
Tiemore moretis tisturb badday! The playgue will be soon over,  
rats! Let sin! Geh tont! All we wants is to get peace for posses-  
sion. We dinned unnerstunned why you sassad about thurteen  
to aloafen, sor, kindly repeat! Or ledn us alones of your lungorge,  
parsonifier propounde of our edelweissed idol worts! Shaw and  
Shea are lorning obsen so hurgle up, gandfarder, and gurgle me  
gurk. You can’t impose on frayshouters like os. Every tub here  
spucks his own fat. Hang coersion everyhow! And smotther-  
mock Gramm’s laws! But we’re a drippindhrue gayleague all at  
ones. In the buginning is the woid, in the muddle is the sound-  
dance and thereinofter you’re in the unbewised again, vund  
vulsyvolsy. You talker dunsker’s brogue men we our souls  
speech obstruct hostery. Silence in thought! Spreach! Wear  
anartful of outer nocense! Pawpaw, wowow! Momerry twelfths,  
noebroed! That was a good one, ha! So it will be quite a material  
what May farther be unvuloped for you, old Mighty, when it’s  
aped to foul a delfian in the Mahnung. Ha ha! Talk of Paddy-%j%

