format: snippet


%ni%had, like the pervious oelkenner done, liquorally no more powers  
to their elbow. Ignorinsers’ bliss, therefore, their not to say rifle  
butt target, none too wisefolly, poor fish, (he is eating, he is spun,  
is milked, he dives) upholding a lampthorne of lawstift as wand  
of welcome to all men in bonafay, (and the corollas he so has  
saved gainsts the virus he has thus injected!) discoastedself to that  
kipsie point of its Dublin bar there, breaking and entering, from the  
outback’s dead heart, Glasthule Bourne or Boehernapark Nolagh,  
by wattsismade or bianconi, astraylians in island, a wellknown  
tall hat blown in between houses by a nightcap of that silk or it  
might be a black velvet and a kiber galler dragging his hunker,  
were signalling gael warnings towards Wazwollenzee Haven to  
give them their beerings, east circular route or elegant central  
highway. Open, ’tis luck will have it! Lifeboat Alloe, Noeman’s  
Woe, Hircups Emptybolly! With winkles whelks and cocklesent  
jelks. Let be buttercup eve lit by night in the Phoenix! Music.  
And old lotts have funn at Flammagen’s ball. Till Irinwakes from  
Slumber Deep. How they succeeded by courting daylight in  
saving darkness he who loves will see.

Business. His bestness. Copeman helpen.

Contrescene.

He cupped his years to catch me’s to you in what’s yours as  
minest to hissent, giel as gail, geil as gaul, Odorozone, now our-  
menial servent, blanding rum, milk and toddy with I hand it  
to you. Saying whiches, see his bow on the hapence, with a pat-  
tedyr but digit here, he scooped the hens, hounds and horses  
biddy by bunny, with an arc of his covethand, saved from the  
drohnings they might oncounter, untill his cubid long, to hide in  
dry. Aside. Your sows tin the topple, dodgers, trink me dregs!  
Zoot!

And with the gust of a spring alice the fossickers and swaggelers  
with him on the hoof from down under piked forth desert roses in  
that mulligar scrub.

Reenter Ashe Junior. Peiwei toptip, nankeen pontdelounges.  
Gives fair day. Cheroot. Cheevio!

Off.

