format: snippet


%ni%greeding. Angus! Angus! Angus! The keykeeper of the keys of  
the seven doors of the dreamadoory in the house of the house-  
hold of Hecech saysaith. Whitmore, whatmore? Give it over,  
give it up! Mawgraw! Head of a helo, chesth of champgnon, eye  
of a gull! What you’d if he’d. The groom is in the greenhouse,  
gattling out his. Gun! That lad’s the style for. Lannigan’s ball!  
Now a drive on the naval! The Shallburn Shock. Never mind  
your gibbous. Slip on your ropen collar and draw the noosebag  
on your head. Nobody will know or heed you, Postumus, if you  
skip round schlymartin by the back and come front sloomutren  
to beg in one of the shavers’ sailorsuits. Three climbs three-  
quickenthrees in the garb of nine. We’ll split to see you mouldem  
imparvious. A wing for oldboy Welsey Wandrer! Well spat,  
witty wagtail! Now piawn to bishop’s forthe! Moove. There’s  
Mumblesome Wadding Murch cranking up to the hornemooni-  
um. Drawg us out Ivy Eve in the Hall of Alum! The finnecies of  
poetry wed music. Feeling the jitters? You’ll be as tight as Trivett  
when the knot’s knutted on. Now’s your never! Peena and  
Queena are duetting a giggle-for-giggle and the brideen Alan-  
nah is lost in her diamindwaiting. What a magnificent gesture  
you will show us this gallus day. Clean and easy, be the hooker!  
And a free for croaks after. Dovlen are out for it. So is Rathfinn.  
And, hike, here’s the hearse and four horses with the interpro-  
vincial crucifixioners throwing lots inside to know whose to be  
their gosson and whereas to brake the news to morhor. How  
our myterbilder his fullen aslip. And who will wager but he’ll  
Shonny Bhoy be, the fleshlumpfleeter from Poshtapengha and all  
he bares sobsconcious inklings shadowed on soulskin’. Its segnet  
yores, the strake of a hin. Nup. Laying the cloth, to fore of them.  
And thanking the fish, in core of them. To pass the grace for  
Gard sake! Ahmohn. Mr Justician Matthews and Mr Justician  
Marks and Mr Justician Luk de Luc and Mr Justinian Johnston-  
Johnson. And the aaskart, see, behind! Help, help, hurray! All-  
sup, allsop! Four ghools to nail! Cut it down, mates, look slippy!  
They’ve got a dathe with a swimminpull. Dang! Ding! Dong!  
Dung! Dinnin. Isn’t it great he is swaying above us for his good%j%

