format: snippet


%ni%laddios). Yaa hoo how how, col? Whom battles joined no bottles  
sever! Worn’t you aid a comp?

<span class="cap">butt</span> (in his difficoltous tresdobremient, he feels a bitvalike a  
baddlefall of staot but falls a batforlake a borrlefull of bare). And  
me awlphul omegrims! Between me rassociations in the postlea-  
deny past and me disconnections with aplompervious futules  
I’ve a boodle full of maimeries in me buzzim and medears runs  
sloze, bleime, as I now with platoonic leave recoil in (how the  
thickens they come back to one to rust!) me misenary post for  
all them old boyars that’s now boomaringing in waulholler, me  
alma marthyrs. I dring to them, bycorn spirits fuselaiding, and  
you cullies adjutant, even where its contentsed wody, with  
absents wehrmuth. Junglemen in agleement, I give thee our  
greatly swooren, Theoccupant that Rueandredful, the thrown-  
fullvner and all our royal devouts with the arrest of the whole  
inhibitance of Neuilands! One brief mouth. And a velligoolap-  
now! Meould attashees the currgans, (if they could get a kick at  
this time for all that’s hapenced to us!) Cedric said Gormleyson  
and Danno O’Dunnochoo and Conno O’Cannochar it is this  
were their names for we were all under that manner barracksers  
on Kong Gores Wood together, thurkmen three, with those  
khakireinettes, our miladies in their toileries, the twum plum-  
yumnietcies, Vjeras Vjenaskayas, of old Djadja Uncken who  
was a great mark for jinking and junking, up the palposes of  
womth and wamth, we war, and the charme of their lyse brocade.  
For lispias harth a burm in eye but whem it bames fire norone  
screeneth. Hulp, hulp, huzzars! Raise ras tryracy! Freetime’s  
free! Up Lancesters! Anathem!

<span class="cap">taff</span> (who still senses that heavinscent houroines that enter-  
trained him who they were sinuorivals from the sunny Espionia but  
plied wopsy with his wallets in thatthack of the bustle Bakerloo,  
(11.32), passing the uninational truthbosh in smoothing irony over  
the multinotcheralled infructuosities of his grinner set). The rib,  
the rib, the quean of oldbyrdes, Sinya Sonyavitches! Your  
Rhoda Cockardes that are raday to embrace our ruddy inflamtry  
world! In their ohosililesvienne biribarbebeway. Till they’ve%j%

