format: snippet


%ni%both lines of forwards (Eburnea’s down, boys!) rightjingbangshot  
into the goal of her gullet.

Alris!

And now, upright and add them! And plays be honest! And  
pullit into yourself, as on manowoman do another! Candidately,  
everybody! A mot for amot. Comong, meng, and douh! There  
was this, wellyoumaycallher, a strapping modern old ancient  
Irish prisscess, so and so hands high, such and such paddock  
weight, in her madapolam smock, nothing under her hat but  
red hair and solid ivory (now you know it’s true in your  
hardup hearts!) and a firstclass pair of bedroom eyes, of most  
unhomy blue, (how weak we are, one and all!) the charm  
of favour’s fond consent! Could you blame her, we’re saying,  
for one psocoldlogical moment? What would Ewe do? With  
that so tiresome old milkless a ram, with his tiresome duty  
peck and his bronchial tubes, the tiresome old hairyg orangogran  
beaver, in his tiresome old twennysixandsixpenny sheopards  
plods drowsers and his thirtybobandninepenny tails plus toop!  
Hagakhroustioun! It were too exceeding really if one woulds  
to offer at sulk an oldivirdual a pinge of hinge hit. The  
mainest thing ever! Since Edem was in the boags noavy. No, no,  
the dear heaven knows, and the farther the from it, if the whole  
stole stale mis betold, whoever the gulpable, and whatever the  
pulpous was, the twooned togethered, and giving the mhost  
phassionable wheathers, they were doing a lally a lolly a dither  
a duther one lelly two dather three lilly four dother. And it was  
a fiveful moment for the poor old timetetters, ticktacking, in tenk  
the count. Till the spark that plugged spared the chokee he  
gripped and (volatile volupty, how brieved are thy lunguings!)  
they could and they could hear like of a lisp lapsing, that  
was her knight of the truths thong plipping out of her chapell-  
ledeosy, after where he had gone and polped the questioned.  
Plop.

Ah now, it was tootwoly torrific, the mummurrlubejubes! And  
then after that they used to be so forgetful, counting mother-  
peributts (up one up four) to membore her beaufu mouldern%j%

