format: snippet


<span class="cap">taff</span> (though the unglucksarsoon is giming for to git him, jotning  
in, hoghly ligious, hapagodlap, like a soldierry sap, with a pique at  
his cue and a tyr in his eye and a bond of his back and a croak in his  
cry as did jolly well harm lean o’er him) Is not athug who would.  
Weepon, weeponder, song of sorrowmon! Which goatheye  
and sheepskeer they damnty well know. Papaist! Gambanman!  
Take the cawraidd’s blow! Yia! Your partridge’s last!

<span class="cap">butt</span> (giving his scimmianised twinge in acknuckledownedgment  
of this cumulikick, strafe from the firetrench, studenly drobs led, sa-  
toniseels ouchyotchy, he changecors induniforms as he is lefting the  
gat out of the big: his face glows green, his hair greys white, his  
bleyes bcome broon to suite his cultic twalette). But when I seeing  
him in his oneship fetch along within hail that tourrible tall  
with his nitshnykopfgoknob and attempting like a brandylogged  
rudeman cathargic, lugging up and laiding down his livepelts  
so cruschinly like Mebbuck at Messar and expousing his old  
skinful self tailtottom by manurevring in open ordure to renew-  
murature with the cowruads in their airish pleasantry I thanked  
he was recovering breadth from some herdsquatters beyond the  
carcasses and I couldn’t erver nerver to tell a liard story not of I  
knew the prize if from lead or alimoney. But when I got inoccu-  
pation of a full new of his old basemiddelism, in ackshan, pagne  
pogne, by the veereyed lights of the stormtrooping clouds and  
in the sheenflare of the battleaxes of the heroim and mid the  
shieldfails awail of the bitteraccents of the sorafim and caught the  
pfierce tsmell of his aurals, orankastank, a suphead setrapped,  
like Peder the Greste, altipaltar, my bill it forsooks allegiance  
(gut bull it!) and, no lie is this, I was babbeing and yetaghain  
bubbering, bibbelboy, me marrues me shkewers me gnaas me  
fiet, tob tob tob beat it, solongopatom..Clummensy if ever mis-  
used, must used you’s now! But, meac Coolp, Arram of Eirze-  
rum, as I love our Deer Dirouchy, I confesses withould pride-  
jealice when I looked upon the Saur of all the Haurousians with  
the weight of his arge fullin upon him from the travaillings of  
his tommuck and rueckenased the fates of a bosser there was fear  
on me the sons of Nuad for him and it was heavy he was for me%j%

