format: snippet


%ni%down the sloppery slide of a slaunty to tilted lift-ye-landsmen.  
Allamin. Which in the ambit of its orbit heaved a sink her sailer  
alongside of a drink her drainer from the basses brothers, those  
two theygottheres.

It was long after once there was a lealand in the luffing ore it  
was less after lives thor a toyler in the tawn at all ohr it was note  
before he drew out the moddle of Kersse by jerkin his dressing  
but and or it was not before athwartships he buttonhaled the  
Norweeger’s capstan.

So he sought with the lobestir claw of his propencil the clue of  
the wickser in his ear. O, lord of the barrels, comer forth from  
Anow (I have not mislaid the key of Efas-Taem), O, Ana, bright  
lady, comer forth from Thenanow (I have not left temptation in  
the path of the sweeper of the threshold), O!

But first, strongbowth, they would deal death to a drinking.  
Link of a leadder, dubble in it, slake your thirdst thoughts awake  
with it. Our svalves are svalves aroon! We rescue thee, O Baass,  
from the damp earth and honour thee. O Connibell, with mouth  
burial! So was done, neat and trig. Up draught and whet  
them!
%—%Then sagd he to the ship’s husband. And in his translaten-  
tic norjankeltian. Hwere can a ketch or hook alive a suit and  
sowterkins? Soot! sayd the ship’s husband, knowing the language,  
here is tayleren. Ashe and Whitehead, closechop, successor to.  
Ahorror, he sayd, canting around to that beddest his friend, the  
tayler, for finixed coulpure, chunk pulley muchy chink topside  
numpa one sellafella, fake an capstan make and shoot! Manning to  
sayle of clothse for his lady her master whose to be precised of a  
peer of trouders under the pattern of a cassack. Let me prove, I  
pray thee, but this once, sazd Mengarments, saving the mouth-  
brand from his firepool. He spit in his faist (beggin): he tape the  
raw baste (paddin): he planked his pledge (as dib is a dab): and he  
tog his fringe sleeve (buthock lad, fur whale). Alloy for allay and  
this toolth for that soolth. Lick it and like it. A barter, a parter.  
And plenty good enough, neighbour Norreys, every bit and  
grain. And the ship’s husband brokecurst after him to hail the%j%

