format: snippet


%ni%while tuffbettle outraged the waywords and meansigns of their  
hinterhand suppliesdemands. And be they gone to splane splica-  
tion? That host that hast one on the hoose when backturns when  
he facefronts none none in the house his geust has guest. You bet  
they is. And nose well down.

With however what sublation of compensation in the radifica-  
tion of interpretation by the byeboys? Being they. Mr G. B. W.  
Ashburner, S. Bruno’s Toboggan Drive, Mr Faixgood, Bell-  
chimbers, Carolan Crescent, Mr I. I. Chattaway, Hilly Gape,  
Poplar Park, Mr Q. P. Dieudonney, The View, Gazey Peer,  
Mr T. T. Erchdeakin, Multiple Lodge, Jiff Exby Rode, Mr W. K.  
Ferris-Fender, Fert Fort, Woovil Doon Botham ontowhom  
adding the tout that pumped the stout that linked the lank that  
cold the sandy that nextdoored the rotter that rooked the rhymer  
that lapped at the hoose that Joax pilled.

They had heard or had heard said or had heard said written.

Fidelisat.

That there first a rudrik kingcomed to an inn court; and the  
seight of that yard was a perchypole with a loovahgloovah on it;  
last mannarks maketh man when wandshift winneth womans: so  
how would it hum, whoson of a which, if someof aswas to start  
to stunt the story on?

So many needles to ponk out to as many noodles as are com-  
pany, they noddling all about it tutti to tempo, decumans numbered  
too, (a) well, that the secretary bird, better known as Pandoria  
Paullabucca, whom they thought was more like a solicitor general,  
indiscriminatingly made belief mid authorsagastions from Schelm  
the Pelman to write somewords to Senders about her chilikin  
puck, laughing that Poulebec would be the death of her, (b) that,  
well, that Madges Tighe, the postulate auditressee, when her  
daremood’s a grownian, is always on the who goes where, hoping  
to Michal for the latter to turn up with a cupital tea before her  
ephumeral comes off without any much father which is parting  
parcel of the same goumeral’s postoppage, it being lookwhyse on  
the whence blows weather helping mickle so that the loiter end of  
that leader may twaddle out after a cubital lull with a hopes soon%j%

