format: snippet


%ni%pious!). And it was cyclums cyclorums after he made design on  
the corse and he want to mess on him (enterellbo add all taller  
Danis), back, seater and sides, and he applied (I’m amazingly  
sorracer!) the wholed bould shoulderedboy’s width for fullness,  
measures for messieurs, messer’s massed, (they were saycalling  
again and agone and all over agun, the louthly meathers, the  
loudly meaders, the lously measlers, six to one, bar ones).

And they pled him beheighten the firing. Dope.

Maltomeetim, alltomatetam, when a tale tarries shome shunter  
shove on. Fore auld they wauld to pree.

Pray.

Of this Mr A (tillalaric) and these wasch woman (dapple-  
hued), fhronehflord and feeofeeds, who had insue keen and able  
and a spindlesong aside, nothing more is told until now, his  
awebrume hour, her sere Sahara of sad oakleaves. And then. Be  
old. The next thing is. We are once amore as babes awondering  
in a wold made fresh where with the hen in the storyaboot we  
start from scratch.

So the truce, the old truce and nattonbuff the truce, boys.  
Drouth is stronger than faction. Slant. Shinshin. Shinshin.
%—%It was of The Grant, old gartener, qua golden meddlist,  
Publius Manlius, fuderal private, (his place is his poster, sure, they  
said, and we’re going to mark it, sore, they said, with a carbon  
caustick manner) bequother the liberaloider at his petty corpore-  
lezzo that hung caughtnapping from his baited breath, it was of  
him, my wife and I thinks, to feel to every of the younging fruits,  
tenderosed like an atalantic’s breastswells or, on a second wreath-  
ing, a bright tauth bight shimmeryshaking for the welt of his  
plow. And wher-o the peckadillies at his wristsends meetings be  
loving so lightly dovessoild the candidacy, me wipin eye sinks,  
of his softboiled bosom should be apparient even to our illicterate  
of nullatinenties.

All to which not a lot snapped The Nolan of the Calabashes  
at his whilom eweheart photognomist who by this sum taken  
was as much incensed by Saint Bruno as that what he had con-  
summed was his own panegoric, and wot a lout about it if it was%j%

