format: snippet


%ni%or a parrotsprate’s cure for ensevelised lethurgies, spick’s my  
spoon and the veriblest spoon, ’twas her hour for the chamber’s  
ensallycopodium with love to melost Panny Kostello from  
X.Y. Zid for to folly billybobbis gibits porzy punzy and she was  
a wanton for De Marera to take her genial glow to bed.
%—%This is time for my tubble, reflected Mr ‘Gladstone  
Browne’ in the toll hut (it was choractoristic from that ‘man of  
Delgany’). Dip.
%—%This is me vulcanite smoking, profused Mr ‘Bonaparte  
Nolan’ under the natecup (one feels how one may hereby reekig-  
nites the ‘ground old mahonagyan’). Dip.
%—%And this is defender of defeater of defaulter of deformer  
of the funst man in Danelagh, willingtoned in with this glance  
dowon his browen and that born appalled noodlum the panellite  
pair’s cummal delimitator, odding: Oliver White, he’s as tiff as  
she’s tight. And thisens his speak quite hoarse. Dip.

In reverence to her midgetsy the lady of the comeallyous as  
madgestoo our own one’s goff stature. Prosim, prosit, to the  
krk n yr nck!

O rum it is the chomicalest thing how it pickles up the punchey  
and the jude. If you’ll gimmy your thing to me I will gamey a sing  
to thee. Stay where you’re dummy! To get her to go ther. He  
banged the scoop and she bagged the sugar while the whole  
pub’s pobbel done a stare. On the mizzatint wall. With its chromo  
for all, crimm crimms. Showing holdmenag’s asses sat by Allme-  
neck’s men, canins to ride with em, canins that lept at em, woollied  
and flundered.

So the katey’s came and the katey’s game. As so gangs sludge-  
nose. And that henchwench what hopped it dunneth there duft  
the. Duras.

%c%(Silents)

Yes, we’ve conned thon print in its gloss so gay how it came  
from Finndlader’s Yule to the day and it’s Hey Tallaght Hoe on  
the king’s highway with his hounds on the home at a turning.  
To Donnicoombe Fairing. Millikin’s Pass. When visiting at  
Izd-la-Chapelle taste the lipe ofthe waters from Carlowman’s Cup.

