format: snippet


%ni%of sin praktice in failing to furrow theogonies of the dommed).  
Trisseme, the mangoat! And the name of the Most Marsiful,  
the Aweghost, the Gragious one! In sobber sooth and in souber  
civiles? And to the dirtiment of the curtailment of his all of man?  
Notshoh?

<span class="cap">butt</span> (maomant scoffin, but apoxyomenously deturbaned but  
thems bleachin banes will be after making a bashman’s haloday out  
of the euphorious hagiohygiecynicism of his die and be diademmed).  
Yastsar! In sabre tooth and sobre saviles! Senonnevero! That  
he leaves nyet is my grafe. He deared me to it and he dared me  
do it, and bedattle I didaredonit as Cocksnark of Killtork can  
tell and Ussur Ursussen of the viktaurious onrush with all the  
rattles in his arctic! As bold and as madhouse a bull in a meadows.  
Knout Knittrick Kinkypeard! Olefoh, the sourd of foemoe  
times! Unknun! For when meseemim, and tolfoklokken rolland  
allover ourloud’s lande, beheaving up that sob of tunf for to  
claimhis, for to wollpimsolff, puddywhuck. Ay, and untuoning  
his culothone in an exitous erseroyal Deo Jupto.At that instullt  
to Igorladns! Prronto! I gave one dobblenotch and I ups with  
my crozzier. Mirrdo! With my how on armer and hits leg an  
arrow cockshock rockrogn. Sparro!

%i%[*The abnihilisation of the etym by the grisning of the grosning  
of the grinder of the grunder of the first lord of hurtreford ex-  
polodotonates through Parsuralia with an ivanmorinthorrorumble  
fragoromboassity amidwhiches general uttermosts confussion are  
perceivable moletons skaping with mulicules which coventry  
plumpkins fairlygosmotherthemselves in the Landaunelegants  
of Pinkadindy. Similar scenatas are projectilised from Hullulullu,  
Bawlawayo, empyreal Raum and mordern Atems. They were  
precisely the twelves of clocks, noon minutes, none seconds.  
At someseat of Oldanelang’s Konguerrig, by dawnybreak in  
Aira.*]

<span class="cap">taff</span> (skimperskamper, his wools gatherings all over cromlin  
what with the birstol boys artheynes and is it her tour and the  
crackery of the fullfour fivefirearms and the crockery of their dam-  
