format: snippet

%—%And hopy tope! sagd he, anded the enderer, now dyply  
hypnotised or hopeseys doper himself. And kersse him, sagd he,  
after inunder tarrapoulling, and the shines he cuts, shinar, the  
screeder, the stitchimesnider, adepted to nosestorsioms in his  
budinholder, cummanisht, sagd he, (fouyoufoukou!) which goes  
in the ways smooking publics, sagd he, bomboosting to be in  
thelitest civille row faction for a dubblebrasterd navvygaiterd,  
(flick off that hvide aske, big head!) sagd he, the big bag of my  
hamd till hem, tollerloon, sagd he, with his pudny bun brofkost  
when he walts meet the bangd. I will put his fleas of wood in the  
flour, and he sagd, behunt on the oatshus, the not wellmade one,  
sagd he, the kersse of my armsore appal this most unmentionablest  
of men (mundering eeriesk, if he didn’t scalded him all the  
shimps names in his gitter!) a coathemmed gusset sewer, sagd he,  
his first cudgin is an innvalet in the unitred stables which is not  
feed tonights a kirtle offal fisk and he is that woe worstered  
wastended shootmaker whatever poked a noodle in a clouth!

So for the second tryon all the meeting of the acarras had it.  
How he hised his bungle oar his shourter and cut the pinter offhis  
pourer and lay off for Fellagulphia in the farning. From his  
dhruimadhreamdhrue back to Brighten-pon-the-Baltic, from our  
lund’s rund turs bag til threathy hoeres a wuke. Ugh!
%—%Stuff, Taaffe, stuff! interjoked it his wife’s hopesend to the  
boath of them consistently. Come back to May Aileen.
%—%Ild luck to it! blastfumed the nowraging scamptail, in flating  
furies outs trews his cammelskins, the flashlight of his ire wacker-  
ing from the eyewinker on his masttop. And aye far he fared from  
Afferik Arena and yea near he night till Blawland Bearring,  
baken be the brazen sun, buttered be the snows. And the sea  
shoaled and the saw squalled. And, soaking scupper, didn’t he  
drain

A pause.

Infernal machinery (serial number: Bullysacre, dig care a dig)  
having thus passed the buck to billy back from jack (finder the  
keeper) as the baffling yarn sailed in circles it was now high tide  
for the reminding pair of snipers to be suitably punished till they%j%

