format: snippet


%ni%old conk cruised now croons the yunk. Exeunc throw a darras  
Kram of Llawnroc, ye gink guy, kirked into yord. Enterest at-  
tawonder Wehpen, luftcat revol, fairescapading in his natsirt.  
Tuesy tumbles. And mild aunt Liza is as loose as her neese. Ful-  
fest withim inbrace behent. As gent would deem oncontinent.  
So mulct per wenche is Elsker woed. Ne hath his thrysting. Fin.  
Like the newcasters in their old plyable of A Royenne Devours.  
Jazzaphoney and Mirillovis and Nippy she nets best. Fing. Ay,  
ay! Sobbos. And so he was. Sabbus.

Marcus. And after that, not forgetting, there was the Flemish  
armada, all scattered, and all officially drowned, there and then, on  
a lovely morning, after the universal flood, at about aleven thirty-  
two was it? off the coast of Cominghome and Saint Patrick, the  
anabaptist, and Saint Kevin, the lacustrian, with toomuch of tolls  
and lottance of beggars, after converting Porterscout and Dona,  
our first marents, and Lapoleon, the equestrian, on his whuite  
hourse of Hunover, rising Clunkthurf over Cabinhogan and all  
they remembored and then there was the Frankish floot of Noahs-  
dobahs, from Hedalgoland, round about the freebutter year of  
Notre Dame 1132 P.P.O. or so, disumbunking from under  
Motham General Bonaboche, (noo poopery!) in his half a grey  
traditional hat, alevoila come alevilla, and after that there he was,  
so terrestrial, like a Nailscissor, poghuing her scandalous and very  
wrong, the maid, in single combat, under the sycamores, amid  
the bludderings from the boom and all the gallowsbirds in Arrah-  
na-Poghue, so silvestrious, neer the Queen’s Colleges, in 1132  
Brian or Bride street, behind the century man on the door. And  
then again they used to give the grandest gloriaspanquost univer-  
sal howldmoutherhibbert lectures on anarxaquy out of doxarch-  
ology (hello, Hibernia!) from sea to sea (Matt speaking!) accord-  
ing to the pictures postcard, with sexon grimmacticals, in the  
Latimer Roman history, of Latimer repeating himself, from the  
vicerine of Lord Hugh, the Lacytynant, till Bockleyshuts the rah-  
jahn gerachknell and regnumrockery roundup, (Marcus Lyons  
speaking!) to the oceanfuls of collegians green and high classes  
and the poor scholars and all the old trinitarian senate and saints and%j%

