format: snippet


%ni%of Yinko Jinko Randy, come Bastabasco and hippychip eggs, she  
will make a suomease pair and singlette, jodhpur smalls and tailor-  
less, a copener’s cribful, leaf, bud and berry, the divlin’s own little  
mimmykin puss, (hip, hip, horatia!) for my old comrhade salty-  
mar here, Briganteen%—%General Sir A. I. Magnus, the flapper-  
nooser, master of the good lifebark Ulivengrene of Onslought,-  
and the homespund of her hearth, (Fuss his farther was the norse  
norse east and Muss his mother was a gluepot) and, gravydock or  
groovy anker, and a hulldread pursunk manowhood, who (with  
a chenchen for his delight time and a bonzeye nappin through his  
doze) he is the bettest bluffy blondblubber of an olewidgeon what  
overspat a skettle in a skib.

Cawcaught. Coocaged.

And Dub did glow that night. In Fingal of victories. Cann-  
matha and Cathlin sang together. And the three shouters of  
glory. Yelling halfviewed their harps. Surly Tuhal smiled upon  
drear Darthoola: and Roscranna’s bolgaboyo begirlified the  
daughter of Cormac. The soul of everyelsesbody rolled into its  
olesoleself. A doublemonth’s licence, lease on mirth, while hooney-  
moon and her flame went huneysuckling. Holyryssia, what boom  
of bells! What battle of bragues on Sandgate where met the bobby  
mobbed his bibby mabbing through the ryce. Even Tombs left  
doss and dunnage down in Demidoff’s tomb and drew on the  
dournailed clogs that Morty Manning left him and legged in by  
Ghoststown Gate, like Pompei up to date, with a sprig of White-  
boys heather on his late Luke Elcock’s heirloom. And some say  
they seen old dummydeaf with a leaf of bronze on his cloak  
so grey, trooping his colour a pace to the reire. And as owfally  
posh with his halfcrown jool as if he was the Granjook Meckl or  
Paster de Grace on the Route de l’Epée. It was joobileejeu that  
All Sorts’ Jour. Freestouters and publicranks, hafts on glaives.  
You could hear them swearing threaties on the Cymylaya  
Mountains, man. And giving it out to the Ould Fathach and louth-  
mouthing after the Healy Mealy with an enfysis to bring down  
the rain of Tarar. Nevertoletta! Evertomind! The grandest  
bethehailey seen or heard on earth’s conspectrum since Scape%j%

