format: snippet


%ni%iennes and our findest grobsmid among all their orefices, (and,  
shukar in chowdar, so splunderdly English!) Mr Aubeyron  
Birdslay. Chubgoodchob, arsoncheep and wellwillworth a triat!  
Bismillafoulties. But the hasard you asks is justly ever behind his  
meddle throw! Those sad pour sad forengistanters, dastychappy  
dustyrust! Chaichairs. It is that something, awe, aurorbean in that  
fellow, hamid and damid, (did he have but Hugh de Brassey’s  
beardslie his wear mine of ancient guised) which comequeers this  
anywhat perssian which we, owe, realisinus with purups a dard  
of pene. There is among others pleasons whom I love and which  
are favourests to mind, one which I have pushed my finker in for  
the movement and, but for my sealring is none to hand I swear,  
she is highly catatheristic and there is another which I have  
fombly fongered freequuntly and, when my signet is on sign  
again I swear, she is deeply sangnificant. Culpo de Dido! Ars we  
say in the classies. Kunstful, we others said. What ravening shadow!  
What dovely line! Not the king of this age could richlier eyefeast  
in oreillental longuardness with alternate nightjoys of a thousand  
kinds but one kind. A shahrryar cobbler on me when I am lying!  
And whilst (when I doot my sliding panel and I hear cawcaw) I  
have been idylly turmbing over the loose looves leaflefts jaggled  
casuallty on the lamatory, as is my this is, as I must commit  
my lips to make misface for misfortune, often, so far as I can  
chance to recollect from the some farnights ago, (so dimsweet is  
that selvischdischdienence of to not to be able to be obliged to  
have to hold further anything than a stone his throw’s fruit’s  
fall!) when I, if you wil excuse for me this informal leading down  
of illexpressibles, enlivened toward the Author of Nature by the  
natural sins liggen gobelimned theirs before me, (how differen-  
ded with the manmade Eonochs Cunstuntonopolies!), weather-  
ed they be of a general golf stature, assasserted, or blossomly  
emblushing thems elves underneed of some howthern folleys,  
am entrenched up contemplating of myself, wiz my naked I, for  
relieving purposes in our trurally virvir vergitabale (garden) I  
sometimes, maybe, what has justly said of old Flannagan, a wake  
from this or huntsfurwards, with some shock (shell I so render%j%

