format: snippet


%ni%were faults on both sides) well, he attempted (or so they say)  
ah, now, forget and forgive (don’t we all?) and, sure, he was only  
funning with his andrewmartins and his old age coming over  
him, well, he attempted or, the Connachy, he was tempted to  
attempt some hunnish familiarities, after eten a bad carmp in the  
rude ocean and, hevantonoze sure, he was dead seasickabed (it was  
really too bad!) her poor old divorced male, in the housepays for  
the daying at the Martyr Mrs MacCawley’s, where at the time  
he was taying and toying, to hold the nursetendered hand, (ah,  
the poor old coax!) and count the buttons and her hand and  
frown on a bad crab and doying to remembore what doed they  
were byorn and who made a who a snore. Ah dearo dearo  
dear!

And where do you leave Matt Emeritus? The laychief of Ab-  
botabishop? And exchullard of ffrench and gherman. Achoch!  
They were all so sorgy for poorboir Matt in his saltwater hat,  
with the Aran crown, or she grew that out of, too big for him, of  
or Mnepos and his overalls, all falling over her in folds%—%sure he  
hadn’t the heart in her to pull them up%—%poor Matt, the old peri-  
grime matriarch, and a queenly man, (the porple blussing upon  
them!) sitting there, the sole of the settlement, below ground,  
for an expiatory rite, in postulation of his cause, (who shall say?)  
in her beaver bonnet, the king of the Caucuses, a family all to  
himself, under geasa, Themistletocles, on his multilingual tomb-  
stone, like Navellicky Kamen, and she due to kid by sweetpea  
time, with her face to the wall, in view of the poorhouse, and  
taking his rust in the oxsight of Iren, under all the auspices, amid  
the rattle of hailstorms, kalospintheochromatokreening, with her  
ivyclad hood, and gripping an old pair of curling tongs, belong-  
ing to Mrs Duna O’Cannell, to blow his brains with, till the  
heights of Newhigherland heard the Bristolhut, with his can of  
tea and a purse of alfred cakes from Anne Lynch and two cuts of  
Shackleton’s brown loaf and dilisk, waiting- for the end to come.  
Gordon Heighland, when you think of it! The merthe dirther!  
Ah ho! It was too bad entirely! All devoured by active parlour-  
men, laudabiliter, of woman squelch and all on account of the%j%

