format: snippet


%ni%kinks in their tringers and boils on their taws. Whor dor the pene  
lie, Mer Pencho? Ist dramhead countmortial or gonorrhal stab?  
Mind your pughs and keaoghs, if you piggots, marsh! Do the  
nut, dingbut! Be a dag! For zahur and zimmerminnes! Sing in  
the chorias to the ethur:

[In the heliotropical noughttime following a fade of trans-  
formed Tuff and, pending its viseversion, a metenergic reglow  
of beaming Batt, the bairdboard bombardment screen, if taste-  
fully taut guranium satin, tends to teleframe and step up to  
the charge of a light barricade. Down the photoslope in syncopanc  
pulses, with the bitts bugtwug their teffs, the missledhropes,  
glitteraglatteraglutt, borne by their carnier walve. Spraygun  
rakes and splits them from a double focus: grenadite, damny-  
mite, alextronite, nichilite: and the scanning firespot of the  
sgunners traverses the rutilanced illustred sunksundered lines.  
Shlossh! A gaspel truce leaks out over the caeseine coatings.  
Amid a fluorescence of spectracular mephiticism there caoculates  
through the inconoscope stealdily a still, the figure of a fellow-  
chap in the wohly ghast, Popey O’Donoshough, the jesuneral  
of the russuates. The idolon exhibisces the seals of his orders:  
the starre of the Son of Heaven, the girtel of Izodella the Calot-  
tica, the cross of Michelides Apaleogos, the latchet of Jan of  
Nepomuk, the puffpuff and pompom of Powther and Pall, the  
great belt, band and bucklings of the Martyrology of Gorman.  
It is for the castomercies mudwake surveice. The victar. Pleace  
to notnoys speach above your dreadths, please to doughboys. Hll,  
smthngs gnwrng wthth sprsnwtch! He blanks his oggles because  
he confesses to all his tellavicious nieces. He blocks his nosoes be-  
cause that he confesses to everywheres he was always putting up his  
latest faengers. He wollops his mouther with a sword of tusk in as  
because that he confesses how opten he used be obening her howonton  
he used be undering her. He boundles alltogotter his manucupes  
with his pedarrests in asmuch as because that he confesses before  
all his handcomplishies and behind all his comfoderacies. And  
(hereis cant came back saying he codant steal no lunger, yessis,%j%

