format: snippet


Snip snap snoody. Noo err historyend goody. Of a lil trip  
trap and a big treeskooner for he put off the ketyl and they  
made three (for fie!) and if hec dont love alpy then lad you  
annoy me. For hanigen with hunigen still haunt ahunt to finnd  
their hinnigen where Pappappapparrassannuaragheallachnatull-  
aghmonganmacmacmacwhackfalltherdebblenonthedubblandadd-  
ydoodled and anruly person creeked a jest. Gestapose to parry  
off cheekars or frankfurters on the odor. Fine again, Cuoholson!  
Peace, O wiley!

Such was the act of goth stepping the tolk of Doolin, drain  
and plantage, wattle and daub, with you’ll peel as I’ll pale and  
we’ll pull the boath toground togutter, testies touchwood and  
shenstone unto pop and puma, calf and condor, under all the  
gaauspices (incorporated), the chal and his chi, their roammerin  
over, gribgrobgrab reining trippetytrappety (so fore shalt thou  
flow, else thy cavern hair!) to whom she (anit likenand please-  
thee!). Till sealump becamedump to bumpslump a lifflebed,  
(altolà, allamarsch! O gué, O gué!). Kaemper Daemper to Jetty  
de Waarft, all the weight of that mons on his little ribbeunuch!  
Him that gronde old mand to be that haard of heaering (afore  
said) and her the petty tondur with the fix in her changeable eye  
(which see), Lord, me lad, he goes with blowbierd, leedy,  
plasheous stream. But before that his loudship was converted to  
a landshop there was a little theogamyjig incidence that hoppy-  
go-jumpy Junuary morn when he colluded with the cad out on  
the beg amudst the fiounaregal gaames of those oathmassed  
fenians for whome he’s forcecaused a bridge of the piers, at  
Inverleffy, mating pontine of their engagement, synnbildising  
graters and things, eke ysendt? O nilly, not all, here’s the fust  
cataraction! As if ever she cared an assuan damm about her  
harpoons sticking all out of him whet between phoenix his  
calipers and that psourdonome sheath. Sdrats ye, Gus Paudheen!  
Kenny’s thought ye, Dinny Oozle! While the cit was leaking  
asphalt like a suburbiaurealis in his rure was tucking to him like  
old booths, booths, booths, booths.

Enterruption. Check or slowback. Dvershen.

