format: snippet


%ni%Popottes, where you canceal me you mayst forced guage my  
bribes. Wickedgapers, I appeal against the light! A nexistence of  
vividence! Panto, boys, is on a looser inloss;ballet, girls, suppline  
thrown tights. I have wanted to thank you such a long time so  
much now. Thank you. Sir, kindest of bottleholders and very dear  
friend, among our hearts of steel, froutiknow, it will befor you,  
me dare beautiful young soldier, winninger nor anyour of rudi-  
mental moskats, before you go to mats, you who have watched  
your share with your sockboule sodalists on your buntad nogs at  
our love tennis squats regatts, suckpump, when on with the balls  
did disserve the fain, my goldrush gainst her silvernetss, to say,  
biguidd, for the love of goddess and perthanow as you reveres  
your one mothers, mitsch for matsch, and while I reveal thus my  
deepseep daughter which was bourne up pridely out of meds-  
dreams unclouthed when I was pillowing in my brime (of Satur-  
nay Eve, how now, woren’t we’t?), to see, I say, whoahoa, in stay  
of execution in re Milcho Melekmans, increaminated, what you  
feel, oddrabbit, upon every strong ground you have ever taken  
up, by bitterstiff work or battonstaff play, with assault of turk  
against a barrakraval of grakeshoots, e’en tho’ Jambuwel’s defe-  
calties is Terry Shimmyrag’s upperturnity, if that is grace for tbe  
grass what is balm for the bramblers, as it is as it is, that I am the  
catasthmatic old ruffin sippahsedly improctor to be seducint tro-  
vatellas, the dire daffy damedeaconesses, like (why sighs the  
sootheesinger) the lilliths oft I feldt, and, when booboob brutals  
and cautiouses only aims at the oggog hogs in the humand, then,  
(Houtes, Blymey and Torrenation, upkurts and scotchem!) I’ll  
tall tale tell croon paysecurers, sowill nuggets and nippers, that  
thash on me stumpen blows the gaff offmombition and thit thides  
or marse makes a good dayle to be shattat. Fall stuff.

His rote in ere, afstef, was.

And dong wonged Magongty till the bombtomb of the warr,  
thrusshed in his whole soort of cloose.

Whisht who wooed in Weald, bays of Bawshaw binding. The  
desire of Miriam is the despair of Marian as Joh Joseph’s beauty  
is Jacq Jacob’s grief. Brow, tell nun; eye, feign sad; mouth, sing%j%

