format: snippet


It tellyhows its story to their six of hearts, a twelve-eyed man;  
for whom has madjestky who since is dyed drown reign before  
the izba.

Au! Au! Aue! Ha! Heish!

As stage to set by ritual rote for the grimm grimm tale of the  
four of hyacinths, the deafeeled carp and the bugler’s dozen of  
leagues-in-amour or how Holispolis went to Parkland with  
mabby and sammy and sonny and sissy and mop’s varlet de  
shambles and all to find the right place for it by peep o’skirt or  
pipe a skirl when the hundt called a halt on the chivvychace of  
the ground sloper at that ligtning lovemaker’s thender apeal till,  
between wandering weather and stable wind, vastelend hosteil-  
end, neuziel and oltrigger some, Bullyclubber burgherly shut  
the rush in general.

Let us propel us for the frey of the fray! Us, us, beraddy!

Ko Niutirenis hauru leish! A lala! Ko Niutirenis haururu  
laleish! Ala lala! The Wullingthund sturm is breaking. The  
sound of maormaoring The Wellingthund sturm waxes fuer-  
cilier. The whackawhacks of the sturm. Katu te ihis ihis! Katu  
te wana wana! The strength of the rawshorn generand is known  
throughout the world. Let us say if we may what a weeny  
wukeleen can do.

Au! Au! Aue! Ha! Heish! A lala!
%—%Paud the roosky, weren’t they all of them then each in his  
different way of saying calling on the one in the same time  
hibernian knights underthaner that was having, half for the laugh  
of the bliss it sint barbaras another doesend end once tale of a  
tublin wished on to him with its olives ocolombs and its hills  
owns ravings and Tutty his tour in his Nowhare’s yarcht. It was  
before when Aimee stood for Arthurduke for the figger in pro-  
fane and fell from grace so madlley for fill the flatter fellows.  
(They were saying). And it was the lang in the shirt in the green.  
of the wood, where obelisk rises when odalisks fall, major threft  
on the make and jollyjacques spindthrift on the merry (O Mr  
Mathurin, they were calling, what a topheavy hat you’re in! And  
there aramny maeud, then they were saying, these so piou-%j%

