format: snippet


%ni%of another time, a white horsday where the midril met the bulg,  
sbogom, roughnow along about the first equinarx in the cholon-  
der, on the plain of Khorason as thou goest from the mount of  
Bekel, Steep Nemorn, elve hundred and therety and to years  
how the krow flees end in deed, after a power of skimiskes,  
blodidens and godinats of them, when we sight the beasts, (heg-  
heg whatlk of wraimy wetter!), moist moonful date man aver  
held dimsdzey death with, and higheye was in the Reilly Oirish  
Krzerszonese Milesia asundurst Sirdarthar Woolwichleagues,  
good tomkeys years somewhile in Crimealian wall samewhere  
in Ayerland, during me weeping stillstumms over the freshprosts  
of Eastchept and the dangling garters of Marrowbone and daring  
my wapping stiltstunts on Bostion Moss, old stile and new style  
and heave a lep onwards. And winn again, blaguadargoos, or  
lues the day, plays goat, the banshee pealer, if moskats knows  
whoss whizz, the great day and the druidful day come San  
Patrisky and the grand day, the excellent fine splendorous long  
agreeable toastworthy cylindrical day, go Sixt of the Ninth, the  
heptahundread annam dammias that Hajizfijjiz ells me is and  
will and was be till the timelag is in it that’s told in the Bok of  
Alam to columnkill all the prefacies of Erin gone brugk. But  
Icantenue. And incommixtion. We was lowsome like till we’d  
took out after the dead beats. So I begin to study and I soon  
show them day’s reasons how to give the cold shake to they  
blighty perishers and lay one over the beats. All feller he look  
he call all feller come longa villa finish. Toumbalo, how was  
I acclapadad! From them banjopeddlars on the raid. Gidding  
up me anti vanillas and getting off the stissas me aunties.  
Boxerising and coxerusing. And swiping a johnny dann  
sweept for to exercitise myself neverwithstanding the topkats  
and his roaming cartridges, orussheying and patronning, out  
all over Crummwiliam wall. Be the why it was me who haw  
haw.

<span class="cap">taff</span> (all for letting his tinder and lighting be put to beheiss in  
the feuer and, while durblinly obasiant to the felicias of the skivis,  
Still smolking his fulvurite turfkish in the rooking pressance of%j%

