format: snippet


%ni%Newslaters and the mossacre of Saint Brices, to forget the past,  
when the burglar he shoved the wretch in churneroil, and con-  
tradicting all about Lally, the ballest master of Gosterstown, and  
his old fellow, the Lagener, in the Locklane Lighthouse, earing his  
wick with a pierce of railing, and liggen hig with his ladder up, and  
that oldtime turner and his sadderday erely cloudsing, the old  
croniony, Skelly, with the lether belly, full of neltts, full of keltts,  
full of lightweight beltts and all the bald drakes or ever he had up  
in the bohereen, off Artsichekes Road, with Moels and Mahmullagh  
Mullarty, the man in the Oran mosque, and the old folks at home  
and Duignan and Lapole and the grand confarreation, as per the  
cabbangers richestore, of the filest archives, and he couldn’t stop  
laughing over Tom Tim Tarpey, the Welshman, and the four  
middleaged widowers, all nangles, sangles, angles and wangles.  
And now, that reminds me, not to forget the four of the Welsh  
waves, leaping laughing, in their Lumbag Walk, over old Battle-  
shore and Deaddleconchs, in their half a Roman hat, with an an-  
cient Greek gloss on it, in Chichester College auction and, thank  
God, they were all summarily divorced, four years before, or so  
they say, by their dear poor shehusbands, in dear byword days,  
and never brought to mind, to see no more the rainwater on the  
floor but still they parted, raining water laughing, per Nupiter  
Privius, only terpary, on the best of terms and be forgot, whilk was  
plainly foretolk by their old pilgrim cocklesong or they were sing-  
ing through the wettest indies As I was going to Burrymecarott we  
fell in with a lout by the name of Peebles as also in another place by  
their orthodox proverb so there was said thus That old fellow  
knows milk though he’s not used to it latterly. And so they parted.  
In Dalkymont nember to. Ay, ay. The good go and the wicked  
is left over. As evil flows so Ivel flows. Ay, ay. Ah, well sure,  
that’s the way. As the holymaid of Kunut said to the haryman  
of Koombe. For his humple pesition in odvices. Woman. Squash.  
Part. Ay, ay. By decree absolute.

Lucas. And, O so well they could remembore at that time, when  
Carpery of the Goold Fins was in the kingship of Poolland, Mrs  
Dowager Justice Squalchman, foorsitter, in her fullbottom wig%j%

