format: snippet


%ni%sages and the Plymouth brethren, droning along, peanzanzangan,  
and nodding and sleeping away there, like forgetmenots, in her  
abijance service, round their twelve tables, per pioja at pulga  
bollas, in the four trinity colleges, for earnasyoulearning Erin-  
growback, of Ulcer, Moonster, Leanstare and Cannought, the  
four grandest colleges supper the matther of Erryn, of Killorcure  
and Killthemall and Killeachother and Killkelly-on-the-Flure,  
where their role was to rule the round roll that Rollo and Rullo  
rolled round. Those were the grandest gynecollege histories  
(Lucas calling, hold the line!) in the Janesdanes Lady Anders-  
daughter Universary, for auld acquaintance sake (this unitarian  
lady, breathtaking beauty, Bambam’s bonniest, lived to a great  
age at or in or about the late No. 1132 or No. 1169, bis, Fitzmary  
Round where she was seen by many and widely liked) for teach-  
ing the Fatima Woman history of Fatimiliafamilias, repeating her-  
self, on which purposeth of the spirit of nature as difinely deve-  
loped in time by psadatepholomy, the past and present Johnny  
MacDougall speaking, give me trunks, miss!) and present and  
absent and past and present and perfect arma virumque romano.  
Ah, dearo, dear! O weep for the hower when eve aleaves bower!  
How it did but all come eddaying back to them, if they did but  
get gaze, gagagniagnian, to hear him there, kiddling and cuddling  
her, after the gouty old galahat, with his peer of quinnyfears and  
his troad of thirstuns, so nefarious, from his elevation of one  
yard one handard and thartytwo lines, before the four of us, in  
his Roman Catholic arms, while his deepseepeepers gazed and  
sazed and dazecrazemazed into her dullokbloon rodolling olo-  
sheen eyenbowls by the Cornelius Nepos, Mnepos. Anumque,  
umque. Napoo.

Queh? Quos?

Ah, dearo dearo dear! Bozun braceth brythe hwen gooses  
gandered gamen. Mahazar ag Dod! It was so scalding sorry for all  
the whole twice two four of us, with their familiar, making the toten,  
and Lally when he lost part of his half a hat and all belongings to  
him, in his old futile manner, cape, towel and drawbreeches, and  
repeating himself and telling him now, for the seek of Senders%j%

