format: snippet


%ni%dam domdom chumbers). Wharall thubulbs uptheaires! Shatta-  
movick?

<span class="cap">butt</span> (pulling alast stark daniel with alest doog at doorak while  
too greater than pardon painfully the issue of his mouth diminuen-  
doing, vility of vilities, he becomes, allasvitally, faint). Shurenoff!  
Like Faun MacGhoul!

<span class="cap">butt</span> and <span class="cap">taff</span> (desprot slave wager and foeman feodal un-  
sheckled, now one and the same person, their fight upheld to right  
for a wee while being baffled and tottered, umbraged by the shadow  
of Old Erssia’s magisquammythical mulattomilitiaman, the living  
by owning over the surfers of the glebe whose sway craven minnions  
had caused to revile, as, too foul for hell, under boiling Mauses’  
burning brand, he falls by Goll’s gillie, but keenheartened by the  
circuminsistence of the Parkes O’Rarelys in a hurdly gurdly Cicilian  
concertone of their fonngeena barney brawl, shaken everybothy’s  
hands, while S. E. Morehampton makes leave to E. N. Sheil-  
martin after Meetinghouse Lanigan has embaraced Vergemout  
Hall, and, without falter or mormor or blathrehoot of sophsterliness,  
pugnate thc pledge of fiannaship, dook to dook, with a commonturn  
oudchd of fest man and best man astoutsalliesemoutioun palms it  
off like commodity tokens against a cococancancacacanotioun).  
When old the wormd was a gadden and Anthea first unfoiled her  
limbs wanderloot was the way the wood wagged where opter  
and apter were samuraised twimbs. They had their mutthering  
ivies and their murdhering idies and their mouldhering iries in  
that muskat grove but there’ll be bright plinnyflowers in Calo-  
mella’s cool bowers when the magpyre’s babble towers scorching  
and screeching from the ravenindove. If thees lobed the sex of  
his head and mees ates the seep of his traublers he’s dancing  
figgies to the spittle side and shoving outs the soord. And he’ll  
be buying buys and go gulling gells with his flossim and jessim  
of carm, silk and honey while myandthys playing lancifer lucifug  
and what’s duff as a bettle for usses makes coy cosyn corollanes’  
moues weeter to wee. So till butagain budly shoots thon rising  
germinal let bodley chow the fatt of his anger and badley bide  
the toil of his tubb.

