format: snippet


%ni%time only) what we knew how when we (from that point solely)  
were you know where? There you are! And why? Why, hitch a  
cock eye, he was snapped on the sly upsadaisying coras pearls  
out of the pie when all the perts in princer street set up their  
tinker’s humn, (the rann, the rann, that keen of old bards), with  
them newnesboys pearcin screaming off their armsworths. The  
boss made dovesandraves out of his bucknesst while herself  
wears the bowler’s hat in her bath. Deductive Almayne Rogers  
disguides his voice, shetters behind hoax chestnote from exexive.  
Heat wives rasing. They jest keeps rosing. He jumps leaps rizing.  
Howlong!

You known that tom? I certainly know. Is their bann boths-  
tiesed? Saddenly now. Has they bane reneemed? Soothinly low.  
Does they ought to buy the papelboy when he footles up their  
suit? He’s their mark to foil the flouter and they certainty  
owe.

He sprit in his phiz (baccon!). He salt to their bis (pudden!).  
He toockled her palam (so calam is solom!). And he suked their  
friends’ leave (bonnick lass, fair weal!)
%—%Guilty but fellows culpows! It was felt by me sindeade, that  
submerged doughdoughty doubleface told waterside labourers.  
But since we for athome’s health have chanced all that, the wild  
whips, the wind ships, the wonderlost for world hips, unto their  
foursquare trust prayed in aid its plumptylump piteousness  
which, when it turtled around seeking a thud of surf, spake to  
approach from inherdoff trisspass through minxmingled hair.  
Though I may have hawked it, said, and selled my how hot peas  
after theactrisscalls from my imprecurious position and though  
achance I could have emptied a pan of backslop down drain by  
whiles of dodging a rere from the middenprivet appurtenant  
thereof, salving the presents of the board of wumps and pumps,  
I am ever incalpable, where release of prisonals properly is con-  
cerned, of unlifting upfallen girls wherein dangered from them  
in thereopen out of unadulteratous bowery, with those hintering  
influences from an angelsexonism. It was merely my barely till  
their oh offs. Missaunderstaid. Meggy Guggy’s giggag. The%j%

