format: snippet


%ni%stainks! Porterfillyers and spirituous suncksters, oooom oooom!

As these vitupetards in his boasum he did strongleholder,  
bushbrows, nobblynape, swinglyswanglers, sunkentrunk, that  
from tin of this clucken hadded runced slapottleslup. For him  
had hord from fard a piping. As? Of?

Dour douchy was a sieguldson. He cooed that loud nor he  
was young. He cud bad caw nor he was gray Like wather parted  
from the say.

Ostia, lift it! Lift at it, Ostia! From the say! Away from the say!

Himhim. Himhim.

Hearhasting he, himmed, reromembered all the chubbs, chipps,  
chaffs, chuckinpucks and chayney chimebells That he had mistri-  
buted in port, pub, park, pantry and poultryhouse, While they,  
thered, the others, that are, were most emulously concerned to  
cupturing the last dropes of summour down through their  
grooves of blarneying. Ere the sockson locked at the dure. Which  
he would, shuttinshure. And lave them to sture.

For be all rules of sport ’tis right That youth bedower’d to  
charm the night Whilst age is dumped to mind the day When  
wather parted from the say.

The humming, it’s coming. Insway onsway.

Fingool MacKishgmard Obesume Burgearse Benefice, He was  
bowen hem and scrapin him in recolcitrantament to the right-  
about And these probenopubblicoes clamatising for an extinsion  
on his hostillery With his chargehand bombing their eres. Tids,  
genmen, plays, she been goin shoother off almaynoother on-  
awares.

You here nort farwellens rouster? Ashiffle ashuffle the wayve  
they.

From Dancingtree till Suttonstone There’s lads no lie would  
filch a crown To mull their sack and brew their tay With wather  
parted from the say.

Lelong Awaindhoo’s a selverbourne enrouted to Rochelle  
Lane and liberties those Mullinguard minstrelsers are marshal-  
sing, par tunepiped road, under where, perked on hollowy hill, that  
poor man of Lyones, good Dook Weltington, hugon come er-%j%

