format: snippet


%ni%Hitherzither! Almost dotty! I must dash!) to pour their peace in  
partial (floflo floreflorence), sweetishsad lightandgayle, twittwin  
twosingwoolow. Let everie sound of a pitch keep still in reson-  
ance, jemcrow, jackdaw, prime and secund with their terce that  
whoe betwides them, now full theorbe, now dulcifair, and when  
we press of pedal (sof!) pick out and vowelise your name.  
A mum. You pere Golazy, you mere Bare and you Bill Heeny, and  
you Smirky Dainty and, more beethoken, you wheckfoolthe-  
nairyans with all your badchthumpered peanas! We are gluck-  
glucky in our being so far fortunate that, bark and bay duol with  
Man Goodfox inchimings having ceased to the moment, so allow  
the clinkars of our nocturnefield, night’s sweetmoztheart, their  
Carmen Sylvae, my quest, my queen. Lou must wail to cool me  
airly! Coil me curly, warbler dear! May song it flourish (in the  
underwood), in chorush, long make it flourish (in the Nut, in the  
Nutsky) till thorush! Secret Hookup.
%—%Roguenaar Loudbrags, that soddy old samph! How high  
is vuile, var?

To which yes he did, capt, that was the answer.
%—%And his shartshort trooping its colours! We knows his  
ventruquulence.

Which that that rang ripprippripplying.
%—%Bulbul, bulbulone! I will shally. Thou shalt willy. You wouldnt  
should as youd remesmer. I hypnot. ’Tis golden sickle’s hour.  
Holy moon priestess, we’d love our grappes of mistellose! Moths  
the matter? Pschtt! Tabarins comes. To fell our fairest. O gui, O  
gui! Salam, salms, salaum! Carolus! O indeed and we ware! And  
hoody crow was ere. I soared from the peach and Missmolly  
showed her pear too, onto three and away. Whet the bee as to  
deflowret greendy grassies yellowhorse. Kematitis, cele our er-  
dours! Did you aye, did you eye, did you everysee suchaway,  
suchawhy, eeriewhigg airywhugger? Even to the extremity of  
the world? Dingoldell! The enormanous his, our littlest little!  
Wee wee, that long alancey one! Let sit on this anthill for our  
frilldress talk after this day of making blithe inveiled the heart  
before our groatsupper serves to us Panchomaster and let har-%j%

