format: snippet


%ni%poppa the gun? Pointing up to skyless heaven like the spoon out  
of sergeantmajor’s tay. Which was the worst of them phaymix  
cupplerts? He’s herd of hoarding and her faiths is altared. Becom-  
ing ungoing, their seeming sames for though that liamstone  
deaf do his part there’s a windtreetop whipples the damp off the  
mourning. But tellusit allasif wellasits end. And the lunger it  
takes the swooner they tumble two. He knows he’s just thrilling  
and she’s sure she’d squeam. The threelegged man and the tulip-  
pied dewydress. Lludd hillmythey, we’re brimming to hear! The  
durst he did and the first she ever? Peganeen Bushe, this isn’t the  
polkar, catch as you cancan when high land fling! And you Tim  
Tommy Melooney, I’ll tittle your barents if you stick that pigpin  
upinto meh!

So in the names of the balder and of the sol and of the holli-  
chrost, ogsowearit, trisexnone, and by way of letting the aandt  
out of her grosskropper and leading the mokes home by their  
gribes, whoopsabout a plabbaside of plobbicides, alamam alemon,  
poison kerls, on this mounden of Delude, and in the high places  
of Delude of Isreal, which is Haraharem and the diublin’s owld  
mounden over against Vikens, from your tarns, thwaites and  
thorpes, withes, tofts and fosses, fells, haughs and shaws, lunds,  
garths and dales, mensuring the megnominous as so will is the  
littleyest, the myrioheartzed with toroidal coil, eira area round  
wantanajocky, fin above wave after duckydowndivvy, trader arm  
aslung beauty belt, the formor velican and nana karlikeevna,  
sommerlad and cinderenda, Valtivar and Viv, how Big Bil Brine  
Borumoter first took his gage at lil lolly lavvander waader since  
when capriole legs covets limbs of a crane and was it the twylyd  
or the mounth of the yare or the feint of her smell made the seo-  
men assalt of her (in imageascene all: whimwhim whimwhim).  
To the laetification of disgeneration by neuhumorisation of our  
kristianiasation. As the last liar in the earth begeylywayled the  
first lady of the forest. Though Toot’s pardoosled sauve l’hum-  
mour! For the joy of the dew on the flower of the fleets on the  
fields of the foam of the waves of the seas of the wild main from  
Borneholm has jest come to crown.

