format: snippet

%—%Take off thatch whitehat (lo, Kersse come in back bespoking  
of loungeon off the Boildawl stuumplecheats for rushirishis Irush-  
lrish, dangieling his old Conan over his top gallant shouldier so  
was, lao yiu shao, he’s like more look a novicer on the nevay).
%—%Tick off that whilehot, you scum of a botch, (of Kersse who,  
as he turned out, alas, hwen ching hwan chang, had been mocking  
his hollaballoon a sample of the costume of the country).
%—%Tape oaf that saw foull and sew wrong, welsher, you suck of  
a thick, stock and the udder, and confiteor yourself (for bekersse  
he had cuttered up and misfutthered in the most multiplest  
manner for that poor old bridge’s masthard slouch a shook of  
cloakses the wise, hou he pouly hung hoang tseu, his own fitther  
couldn’t nose him).

Chorus: With his coate so graye. And his pounds that he  
pawned from the burning.
%—%And, haikon or hurlin, who did you do at doyle today, my  
horsey dorksey gentryman. Serge Mee, suit! sazd he, tersey ker-  
sey. And when Tersse had sazd this Kersse stood them the whole  
koursse of training how the whole blazy raze acurraghed, from  
lambkinsback to sliving board and from spark to phoenish. And  
he tassed him tartly and he sassed him smartly, tig for tager, strop  
for stripe, as long as there’s a lyasher on a kyat. And they peered  
him beheld on the pyre.

And it was so. Behold.
%—%Same capman no nothing horces two feller he feller go  
where. Isn’t that effect? gig for gag, asked there three newcom-  
mers till knockingshop at the ones upon a topers who, while in  
admittance to that impedance, as three as they were there, they had  
been malttreating themselves to their health’s contempt.
%—%That’s fag for fig, metinkus, confessed, mhos for mhos, those  
who, would it not be for that dielectrick, were upon the point of  
obsoletion, and at the brink of from the pillary of the Nilsens and  
from the statutes of the Kongbullies and from the millestones of  
Ovlergroamlius libitate nos, Domnial!
%—%And so culp me goose, he sazd, szed the ham muncipated of  
the first course, recoursing, all cholers and coughs with his beauw%j%

