format: snippet


%ni%roalls davors. Don’t him forget! A butcheler artsed out of Cullege  
Trainity. Diddled he daddle a drop of the cradler on delight  
mebold laddy was stetched? Knit wear? And they addled, (or  
ere the cry of their tongues would be uptied dead) Shufflebotham  
asidled, plus his ducks fore his drills, an inlay of a liddle more  
lining maught be licensed all at ones, be these same tokens, for-  
giving a brass rap, sneither a whole length nor a short shift so  
full as all were concerned.

Burniface, shiply efter, shoply after, at an angle of lag, let flow,  
brabble brabble and brabble, and so hostily, heavyside breathing,  
came up with them and, check me joule, shot the three tailors,  
butting back to Moyle herring, bump as beam and buttend, roller  
and reiter, after the diluv’s own deluge, the seasant samped as  
skibber breezed in, tripping, dripping, threw the sheets in the  
wind, the tights of his trunks at tickle to tackle and his rubmelucky  
truss rehorsing the pouffed skirts of his overhawl. He’d left his  
stickup in his hand to show them none ill feeling. Whatthough for  
all appentices it had a mushroom on it. While he faced them  
front to back, Then paraseuls round, quite taken atack, sclaiming,  
Howe cools Eavybrolly!
%—%Good marrams, sagd he, freshwatties and boasterdes all, as  
he put into bierhiven, nogeysokey first, cabootle segund, jilling  
to windwards, as he made straks for that oerasound the snarsty weg  
for Publin, so was his horenpipe lug in the lee off their mouths  
organs, with his tilt too taut for his tammy all a slaunter and his  
wigger on a wagger with its tag tucked. Up. With a good easter-  
ing and a good westering. And he asked from him how the hitch  
did do this my fand sulkers that mone met the Kidballacks which  
he suttonly remembered also where the hatch was he endnew  
strandweys he’s that fond sutchenson, a penincular fraimd of  
mind, fordeed he was langseling to talka holt of hems, clown  
toff, tye hug fliorten. Cablen: Clifftop. Shelvling tobay oppe-  
long tomeadow. Ware cobbles. Posh.
%—%Skibbereen has common inn, by pounautique, with poke-  
way paw, and sadder raven evermore, telled shinshanks lauwering  
frankish for his kicker who, through the medium of gallic

