format: snippet


%ni%in Fruzian Creamtartery is loading off heavy furses and affubling  
themselves with muckinstushes. The neatschknee Novgolosh.  
How the spinach ruddocks are being tatoovatted up for the second  
comings of antigreenst. Hebeneros for Aromal Peace. How  
Alibey Ibrahim wisheths Bella Suora to a holy cryptmahs while  
the Arumbian Knives Riders axecutes devilances round the  
jehumispheure. Learn the Nunsturk. How Old Yales boys is  
making rebolutions for the cunning New Yirls, never elding,  
still begidding, never to mate to lend, never to ate selleries and  
never to add soulleries and never to ant sulleries and never to aid  
silleries with sucharow with sotchyouroff as Burkeley’s Show’s  
a ructiongetherall. Phone for Phineal toomellow aftermorn and  
your phumeral’s a roselixion.]

<span class="cap">taff</span> (now as he has been past the buckthurnstock from Peadhar  
Piper of Colliguchuna, whiles they all are bealting pots to dubrin  
din for old daddam dombstom to tomb and wamb humbs lumbs  
agamb, glimpse agam, glance agen, rise up road and hive up hill,  
and find your pollyvoulley foncey pitchin ingles in the parler). Since  
you are on for versingrhetorish say your piece! How Buccleuch  
shocked the rosing girnirilles. A ballet of Gasty Power. A hov  
and az ov and off like a gow! And don’t live out the sad of tearfs,  
piddyawhick! Not offgott affsang is you, buthbach? Ath yet-  
heredayth noth endeth, hay? Vaersegood! Buckle to! Sayyessik,  
Ballygarry. The fourscore soculums are watchyoumaycodding  
to cooll the skoopgoods blooff. Harkabuddy, feign! Thingman  
placeyear howed wholst somwom shimwhir tinkledinkledelled.  
Shinfine deed in the myrtle of the bog tway fainmain stod op to  
slog, free bond men lay lurkin on. Tuan about whattinghim!  
Fore sneezturmdrappen! ’Twill be a rpnice pschange, arrah, sir?  
Can you come it, budd?

<span class="cap">butt</span> (who in the cushlows of his goodsforseeking hoarth, ever  
fondlinger of his pimple spurk, is a niallist of the ninth homestages,  
the babybell in his baggutstract upper going off allatwanst, begad,  
lest he should challenge himself, beygoad, till angush). Horrasure,  
toff! As said as would. It was Colporal Phailinx first. Hittit was%j%

