format: snippet


%ni%on the bummell, the bugganeering wanderducken, he sazd, (that  
his pumps may ship awhoyle shandymound of the dussard), the  
coarsehair highsaydighsayman, there’s nice tugs he looks, (how  
you was, Ship Alouset?) he sazd, the bloedaxe bloodooth baltxe-  
bec, that is crupping into our raw lenguage navel through the  
lumbsmall of his hawsehole, he sazd, donconfounder him, voyag-  
ing after maidens, belly jonah hunting the polly joans, and the  
hurss of all portnoysers befaddle him, he sazd, till I split in his flags,  
he sazd, one to one, the landslewder, after Donnerbruch fire.  
Reefer was a wenchman. One can smell off his wetsments how he  
is coming from a beach of promisck. Where is that old muttiny,  
shall I ask? Free kicks he will have from me, turncoats, in Bar  
Bartley if I wars a fewd years ago. Meistr Capteen Gaascooker, a  
salestrimmer! As he was soampling me ledder, like pulp, and as  
I was trailing his fumbelums, like hulp, he’ll fell the fall of me  
faus, he sazd, like yulp! The goragorridgorballyed pushkalsson,  
he sazd, with his bellows pockets fulled of potchtatos and his fox  
in a stomach, a disagrees to his ramskew coddlelecherskithers’  
zirkuvs, drop down dead and deaf, and there is never a teilwrmans  
in the feof fife of Iseland or in the wholeabelongd of Skunkinabory  
from Drumadunderry till the rumnants of Mecckrass, could milk  
a colt in thrushes foran furrow follower width that a hole in his  
tale and that hell of a hull of a hill of a camelump bakk. Fadgest-  
fudgist!

Upon this dry call of selenium cell (that horn of lunghalloon,  
Riland’s in peril!) with its doomed crack of the old damn ukonnen  
power insound in it the lord of the saloom, as if for a flash sala-  
magunnded himself, listed his tummelumpsk pack and hearinat  
presently returned him, ambilaterally alleyeoneyesed, from their  
uppletoned layir to his beforetime guests, that bunch of palers on  
their round, timemarching and petrolling how, who if they were  
abound to loose a laugh (Toni Lampi, you booraascal!) they were  
abooned to let it as the leashed they might do when they felt (O,  
the wolf he’s on the walk, sees his sham cram bokk!) their joke  
was coming home to them, the steerage way for stabling, ghus-  
torily spoeking, gen and gang, dane and dare, like the dud spuk%j%

