format: snippet


%ni%code’s proof! The rebald danger with they who would bare white-  
ness against me I dismissem from the mind of good. He can tell  
such as story to the Twelfth Maligns that my first was a nurss-  
maid and her fellower’s a willbe perambulatrix. There are twingty  
to twangty too thews and leathermail coatschemes penparing to  
hostpost for it valinnteerily with my valued fofavour to the post  
puzzles deparkment with larch parchels’ of presents for future  
branch offercings. The green approve the raid! Shaum Baum’s  
bode he is amustering in the groves while his shool comes merg-  
ing along! Want I put myself in their kirtlies I were ayearn to  
leap with them and show me too bisextine. Dear and lest I for-  
get mergers and bow to you low, marchers! Attemption! What  
a mazing month of budsome misses they are making, so wingty-  
wish to flit beflore their kin! Attonsure! Ears to hears! The skall  
of a gall (for every dime he yawpens that momouth you could  
park your ford in it) who has papertreated him into captivities  
with his inside man by a hocksheat of starvision for an avrageto-  
peace of parchment, cooking up his lenses to be my apoclogypst,  
the recreuter of conscraptions, let him be asservent to Kinahaun!  
For (peace peace perfectpeace!) I have abwaited me in a water of  
Elin and I have placed my reeds intectis before the Registower of  
the perception of tribute in the hall of the city of Analbe. How  
concerns any merryaunt and hworsoever gravesobbers it is  
perensempry sex of fun to help a dazzle off the othour. What for  
Mucias and Gracias may the duvlin rape the handsomst! And the  
whole mad knightmayers’ nest! Tunpother, prison and plotch!  
If Y shoulden somewhat, well, I am able to owe it, hearth and chem  
ney easy. They seeker for vannflaum all worldins merkins. I’ll  
eager make lyst turpidump undher arkens. Basast! And if my liti-  
gimate was well to wrenn tigtag cackling about it, like the sally  
berd she is, to abery ham in the Cutey Strict, (I shall call upon  
my first among my lost of lyrars beyond a jingoobangoist, to  
overcast her) dismissing mundamanu all the riflings of her vic-  
tuum gleaner (my old chuck! she drakes me druck! turning out,  
gay at ninety!) and well shoving offa boastonmess like lots wives  
does over her handpicked hunsbend, as she would be calling, well,%j%

