format: snippet


%ni%please of being at a party to any demoralizing home life. That  
saps a chap. Keep cool faith in the firm, have warm hoep in the  
house and begin frem athome to be chary of charity. Where it  
is nobler in the main to supper than the boys and errors of out-  
rager’s virtue. Give back those stolen kisses; restaure those all-  
cotten glooves. Recollect the yella perals that all too often beset  
green gerils, Rhidarhoda and Daradora, once they gethobby-  
horsical, playing breeches parts for Bessy Sudlow in flesh-  
coloured pantos instead of earthing down in the coalhole trying  
to boil the big gun’s dinner. Leg-before-Wicked lags-behind-  
Wall where here Mr Whicker whacked a great fall. Femora-  
familla feeled it a candleliked but Hayes, Conyngham and Erobin-  
son sware it’s an egg. Forglim mick aye! Stay, forestand and  
tillgive it! Remember the biter’s bitters I shed the vigil I buried  
our Harlotte Quai from poor Mrs Mangain’s of Britain Court on  
the feast of Marie Maudlin. Ah, who would wipe her weeper dry  
and lead her to the halter? Sold in her heyday, laid in the straw,  
bought for one puny petunia. Moral: if you can’t point a lily get  
to henna out of here! Put your swell foot foremost on foulardy  
pneumonia shertwaists, irriconcilible with true fiminin risirvi-  
tion and ribbons of lace, limenick’s disgrace. Sure, what is it on the  
whole only holes tied together, the merest and transparent washing-  
tones to make Languid Lola’s lingery longer? Scenta Clauthes  
stiffstuffs your hose and heartsies full of temptiness. Vanity flee  
and Verity fear! Diobell! Whalebones and buskbutts may hurt  
you (thwackaway thwuck!) but never lay bare your breast sec-  
ret (dickette’s place!) to joy a Jonas in the Dolphin’s Barncar  
with your meetual fan, Doveyed Covetfilles, comepulsing payn-  
attention spasms between the averthisment for Ulikah’s wine and  
a pair of pulldoors of the old cupiosity shape. There you’ll fix  
your eyes darkled on the autocart of the bringfast cable but here  
till youre martimorphysed please sit still face to face. For if the  
shorth of your skorth falls down to his knees pray how wrong  
will he look till he rises? Not before Gravesend is commuted. But  
now reappears Autist Algy, the pulcherman and would-do per-  
former, oleas Mr Smuth, stated by the vice crusaders to be well%j%

