format: snippet


%ni%me in his wellingtons what you haven’t got!), in one of those  
pure clean lupstucks of yours thankfully, Arrah of the passkeys,  
no matter what. You may be certain of that, fluff, now I know  
how to tackle. Lock my mearest next myself. So don’t keep me  
now for a good boy for the love of my fragrant saint, you villain,  
peppering with fear, my goodless graceless, or I’ll first murder  
you but, hvisper, meet me after by next appointment near you  
know Ships just there beside the Ship at the future poor fool’s  
circuts of lovemountjoy square to show my disrespects now, let  
me just your caroline for you, I must really so late. Sweet pig,  
he’ll be furious! How he stalks to simself louther and lover,  
immutating aperybally. My prince of the courts who’ll beat me  
to love! And I’ll be there when who knows where with the  
objects of which I’ll knowor forget. We say. Trust us. Our  
game. (For fun!) The Dargle shall run dry the sooner I you  
deny. Whoevery heard of such a think? Till the ulmost of all  
elmoes shall stele our harts asthone! And Mrs A’Mara makes  
it up and befriends with Mrs O’Morum! I will write down all  
your names in my gold pen and ink. Everyday, precious, while  
m’m’ry’s leaves are falling deeply on my Jungfraud’s Messonge-  
book I will dream telepath posts dulcets on this isinglass stream  
(but don’t tell him or I’ll be the mort of him!) under the libans  
and the sickamours, the cyprissis and babilonias, where the  
frondoak rushes to the ask and the yewleaves too kisskiss them-  
selves and ’twill carry on my hearz’waves my still waters reflec-  
tions in words over Margrate von Hungaria, her Quaidy ways  
and her Flavin hair, to thee, Jack, ahoy, beyond the boysforus.  
Splesh of hiss splash springs your salmon. Twick twick, twinkle  
twings my twilight as Sarterday afternoon lex leap will smile on  
my fourinhanced twelvemonthsmind. And what’s this I was  
going to say, dean? O, I understand. Listen, here I’ll wait on thee  
till Thingavalla with beautiful do be careful teacakes, more stues-  
ser flavoured than Vanilla and blackcurrant there’s a cure in, like  
a born gentleman till you’ll resemble me, all the time you’re  
awhile way, I swear to you, I will, by Candlemas! And listen,  
joey, don’t be ennoyed with me, my old evernew, when, by the%j%

