format: snippet


%ni%jameymock farceson in Shemish like a mouther of the incas with  
a garcielasso huw Ananymus pinched her tights and about the  
Balt with the markshaire parawag and his loyal divorces, when he  
feraxiously shed ovas in Alemaney, tse tse, all the tell of the tud  
with the bourighevisien backclack, and him, the cribibber like an  
ambitrickster, aspiring like the decan’s, fast aslooped in the in-  
trance to his polthronechair with his sixth finger between his cats-  
eye and the index, making his pillgrimace of Childe Horrid, en-  
grossing to his ganderpan what the idioglossary he invented under  
hicks hyssop! Hock! Ickick gav him that toock, imitator! And it  
was entirely theck latter to blame. Does he drink because I am sorely  
there shall be no more Kates and Nells. If you see him it took  
place there. It was given meeck, thank the Bench, to assist at the  
whole thing byck special chancery licence. As often as I think of  
that unbloody housewarmer, Shem Skrivenitch, always cutting  
my prhose to please his phrase, bogorror, I declare I get the  
jawache! Be me punting his reflection he’d begin his beogre-  
fright in muddyass ribalds. Digteter! Grundtsagar! Swop beef!  
You know he’s peculiar, that eggschicker, with the smell of old  
woman off him, to suck nothing of his switchedupes. M.D. made  
his ante mortem for him. He was grey at three, like sygnus the  
swan, when he made his boo to the public and barnacled up to the  
eyes when he repented after seven. The alum that winters on his  
top is the stale of the staun that will soar when he stambles till  
that hag of the coombe rapes the pad off his lock. He was down  
with the whooping laugh at the age of the loss of reason the  
whopping first time he prediseased me. He’s weird, I tell you, and  
middayevil down to his vegetable soul. Never mind his falls  
feet and his tanbark complexion. That’s why he was forbidden  
tomate and was warmed off the ricecourse of marrimoney, under  
the Helpless Corpses Enactment. I’m not at all surprised the saint  
kicked him whereby the sum taken Berkeley showed the reason  
genrously. Negas, negasti%—%negertop, negertoe, negertoby, ne-  
grunter! Then he was pusched out of Thingamuddy’s school  
by Miss Garterd, for itching. Then he caught the europicolas and  
went into the society of jewses. With Bro Cahlls and Fran Czeschs%j%

