format: snippet


%ni%known to all the dallytaunties in and near the ciudad of Buellas  
Arias, taking you to the playguehouse to see the Smirching of  
Venus and asking with whispered offers in a very low bearded  
voice, with a nice little tiny manner and in a very nice little tony  
way, won’t you be an artist’s moral and pose in your nudies as a  
local esthetic before voluble old masters, introducing you, left  
to right the party comprises, to hogarths like Bottisilly and  
Titteretto and Vergognese and Coraggio with their extrahand  
Mazzaccio, plus the usual bilker’s dozen of dowdycameramen.  
And the volses of lewd Buylan, for innocence! And the phylli-  
sophies of Bussup Bulkeley. O, the frecklessness of the giddies  
nouveautays! There’s many’s the icepolled globetopper is haunt-  
ed by the hottest spot under his equator like Ramrod, the meaty  
hunter, always jaeger for a thrust. The back beautiful, the un-  
draped divine! And Suzy’s Moedl’s with their Blue Danuboyes!  
All blah! Viper’s vapid vilest! Put off the old man at the very  
font and get right on with the nutty sparker round the back.  
Slip your oval out of touch and let the paravis be your goal.  
Up leather, Prunella, convert your try! Stick wicks in your ear-  
shells when you hear the prompter’s voice. Look on a boa in  
his beauty and you’ll never more wear your strawberry leaves.  
Rely on the relic. What bondman ever you bind on earth I’ll be  
bound ’twas combined in hemel. Keep airly hores and the worm  
is yores. Dress the pussy for her nighty and follow her piggy-  
tails up their way to Winkyland. See little poupeep she’s firsht  
ashleep. After having sat your poetries and you know what  
happens when chine throws over jupan. Go to doss with  
the poulterer, you understand, and shake up with the milch-  
mand. The Sully van vultures are on the prowl. And the  
hailies fingringmaries. Tobaccos tabu and toboggan’s a back  
seat. Secret satieties and onanymous letters make the great un-  
watched as bad as their betters. Don’t on any account acquire  
a paunchon for that alltoocommon fagbutt habit of frequenting  
and chumming together with the braces of couples in Mr Tun-  
nelly’s hallways (smash it) wriggling with lowcusses and cock-  
chafers and vamps and rodants, with the end to commit acts of%j%

