format: snippet


%ni%behaitch like solitar. We are all eyes. I have his quoram of  
images all on my retinue, Mohomadhawn Mike. Brassup! More-  
over after that, bad manners to me, if I don’t think strongly about  
giving the brotherkeeper into custody to the first police bubby  
cunstabless of Dora’s Diehards in the field I might chance to  
follopon. Or for that matter, for your information, if I get the  
wind up what do you bet in the buckets of my wrath I mightn’t  
even take it into my progromme, as sweet course, to do a rash act  
and pitch in and swing for your perfect stranger in the meadow  
of heppiness and then wipe the street up with the clonmellian,  
pending my bringing proceedings verses the joyboy before a  
bunch of magistrafes and twelve good and gleeful men? Filius  
nullius per fas et nefas. It should prove more or less of an event  
and show the widest federal in my cup. He’ll have pansements  
then for his pensamientos, howling for peace. Pretty knocks, I  
promise him with plenty burkes for his shins. Dumnlimn wimn  
humn. In which case I’ll not be complete in fighting lust until I  
contrive to half kill your Charley you’re my darling for you and  
send him to Home Surgeon Hume, the algebrist, before his ap-  
pointed time, particularly should he turn out to be a man in brown  
about town, Rollo the Gunger, son of a wants a flurewaltzer to  
Arnolff’s, picking up ideas, of well over or about fiftysix or so,  
pithecoid proportions, with perhops five foot eight, the usual  
X Y Z type, R.C. Toc H, nothing but claret, not in the studbook  
by a long stortch, with a toothbrush moustache and jawcrockeries,  
alias grinner through collar, and of course no beard, meat and  
colmans suit, with tar’s baggy slacks, obviously too roomy for  
him and springside boots, washing tie, Father Mathew’s bridge  
pin, sipping some Wheatley’s at Rhoss’s on a barstool, with some  
pubpal of the Olaf Stout kidney, always trying to poorchase mov-  
ables by hebdomedaries for to putt in a new house to loot, cigarette  
in his holder, with a good job and pension in Buinness’s, what  
about our trip to Normandy style conversation, with an oc-  
casional they say that filmacoulored featured at the Mothrapurl  
skrene about Michan and his lost angeleens is corkyshows do  
morvaloos, blueygreen eyes a bit scummy developing a series of%j%

