format: snippet


%ni%cals and be instrumental to utensilise, help our Jakeline sisters  
clean out the hogshole and generally ginger things up. Meliorism  
in massquantities, raffling receipts and sharing sweepstakes till  
navel, spokes and felloes hum like hymn. Burn only what’s Irish,  
accepting their coals. You will soothe the cokeblack bile that’s  
Anglia’s and touch Armourican’s iron core. Write me your  
essayes, my vocational scholars, but corsorily, dipping your  
nose in it, for Henrietta’s sake, on mortinatality in the life of  
jewries and the sludge of King Haarington’s at its height, running  
boulevards over the whole of it. I’d write it all by mownself if  
I only had here of my jolly young watermen. Bear in mind, by  
Michael, all the provincial’s bananas peels and elacock eggs mak-  
ing drawadust jubilee along Henry, Moore, Earl and Talbot  
Streets. Luke at all the memmer manning he’s dung for the pray  
of birds, our priest-mayor-king-merchant, strewing the Castle-  
knock Road and drawing manure upon it till the first glimpse of  
Wales and from Ballses Breach Harshoe up to Dumping’s Comer  
with the Mirist fathers’ brothers eleven versus White Friars out  
on a rogation stag party. Compare them caponchin trowlers  
with the Bridge of Belches in Fairview, noreast Dublin’s favourite  
souwest wateringplatz and ump as you lump it. What do you  
mean by Jno Citizen and how do you think of Jas Pagan?  
Compost liffe in Dufblin by Pierce Egan with the baugh in  
Baughkley of Fino Ralli. Explain why there is such a number  
of orders of religion in Asea! Why such an order number in  
preference to any other number? Why any number in any order  
at all? Now? Where is the greenest island off the black coats  
of Spaign? Overset into universal: I am perdrix and upon my  
pet ridge. Oralmus! Way, O way for the autointaxication of  
our town of the Fords in a huddle! Hailfellow some wellmet  
boneshaker or, to ascertain the facts for herself, run up your  
showeryweather once and trust and take the Drumgondola tram  
and, wearing the midlimb and vestee endorsed by the hierarchy  
fitted with ecclastics, bending your steps, pick a trail and stand  
on, say, Aston’s, I advise you strongly, along quaith a copy of  
the Seeds and Weeds Act when you have procured one for your-%j%

