format: snippet


%ni%when closehended together behind locked doors, kissing steadily,  
(malbongusta, it’s not the thing you know!) with the calfloving  
selfseeker, under the influence of woman, inching up to you, dis-  
arranging your modesties and fumblingwith his forte paws in your  
bodice after your billy doos twy as a first go off (take care, would  
you stray and split on me!) and going on doing his idiot every  
time you gave him his chance to get thick and play pigglywiggly,  
making much of you, bilgetalking like a ditherer, gougouzoug,  
about your glad neck and the round globe and the white milk and  
the red raspberries (O horrifier!) and prying down furthermore to  
chance his lucky arm with his pregnant questions up to our past  
lives. What has that caught to sing with him? The next fling  
you’ll be squitting on the Tubber Nakel, pouring pitchers to the  
well for old Gloatsdane’s glorification and the postequities of  
the Black Watch, peeping private from the Bush and Rangers.  
And our local busybody, talker-go-bragk. Worse again! Off of  
that praying fan on to them priars! It would be a whorable state  
of affairs altogether for the redcolumnists of presswritten epics,  
Peter Paragraph and Paulus Puff, (I’m keepsoaking them to cover  
my concerts) to get ahold of for their balloons and shoot you  
private by surprise, considering the marriage slump that’s on this  
oil age and pulexes three shillings a pint and wives at six and  
seven when domestic calamities belame par and newlaids bellow  
mar for the twenty twotoosent time thwealthy took thousands  
in the slack march of civilisation were you, becoming guilty of  
unleckylike intoxication to have and to hold, to pig and to pay  
direct connection, *qua* intervener, with a prominent married member  
of the vicereeking squad and, in consequence of the therein-  
under subpenas, be flummoxed to the second degree by becoming a  
detestificated companykeeper on the dammymonde of Luca-  
lamplight. Anything but that, for the fear and love of gold! Once  
and for all, I’ll have no college swankies (you see, I am well  
voiced in love’s arsenal and all its overtures from collion boys  
to colleen bawns so I have every reason to know that rogues’  
gallery of nightbirds and bitchfanciers, lucky duffs and light  
lindsays, haughty hamiltons and gay gordons, dosed, doctored%j%

