format: snippet


%ni%your iberborealic imagination, when it’s quicker than this quack-  
ing that you might, bar accidens, be very largely substituted in  
potential secession from your next life by a complementary char-  
acter, voices apart? Upjack! I shudder for your thought! Think!  
Put from your mind that and take on trust this. The next word  
depends on your answer.
%—%I’m thinking to, thogged be thenked! I was just trying to  
think when I thought I felt a flea. I might have. I cannot say for  
it is of no significance at all. Once or twice when I was in odin-  
burgh with my addlefoes, Jake Jones, the handscabby, when I  
thinkled I wore trying on my garden substisuit, boy’s apert, at  
my nexword nighboor’s, and maybe more largely nor you  
quosh yet you, messmate, realise. A few times, so to shape, I chanced  
to be stretching, in the shadow as I thought, the liferight out  
of myself in my ericulous imaginating. I felt feeling a half Scotch  
and pottage like roung my middle ageing like Bewley in the  
baste so that I indicate out to myself and I swear my gots how  
that I’m not meself at al!, no jolly fear, when I realise bimiselves  
how becomingly I to be going to become.
%—%O, is that the way with you, you craythur? In the becom-  
ing was the weared, wontnat! Hood maketh not frere. The voice  
is the voice of jokeup, I fear. Are you imitation Roma now or  
Amor now. You have all our empathies, eh, Mr Trickpat, if you  
don’t mind, that is, aside from sings and mush, answering to my  
straight question?
%—%God save the monk! I won’t mind this is, answering to  
your strict crossqueets, whereas it would be as unethical for me  
now to answer as it would have been nonsensical for you then  
not to have asked. Same no can, home no will, gangin I am.  
Gangang is Mine and I will return. Out of my name you call me,  
Leelander. But in my shelter you’ll miss me. When Lapac walks  
backwords he’s darkest horse in Capalisoot. You knew me once  
but you won’t know me twice. I am simpliciter arduus, ars of  
the schoo, Freeday’s child in loving and thieving.
%—%My child, know this! Some portion of that answer appears  
to have been token by you from the writings of Saint Synodius,%j%

