format: snippet


%ni%at first hands on, as no es nada, our greatly misunderstood one  
we perceived to give himself some sort of a hermetic prod or  
kick to sit up and take notice, which acted like magic, while  
the phalanx of daughters of February Filldyke, embushed and  
climbing, ramblers and weeps, voiced approval in their customary  
manner by dropping kneedeep in tears over their concelebrated  
meednight sunflower, piopadey boy, their solase in dorckaness,  
and splattering together joyously the plaps of their tappyhands  
as, with a cry of genuine distress, so prettly prattly pollylogue,  
they viewed him, the just one, their darling, away.

A dream of favours, a favourable dream. They know how they  
believe that they believe that they know. Wherefore they wail.

Eh jourd’weh! Oh jourd’woe! dosiriously it psalmodied. Gues-  
turn’s lothlied answring to-maronite’s wail.

Oasis, cedarous esaltarshoming Leafboughnoon!

Oisis, coolpressus onmountof Sighing!

Oasis, palmost esaltarshoming Gladdays!

Oisis, phantastichal roseway anjerichol!

Oasis, newleavos spaciosing encampness!

Oisis, plantainous dewstuckacqmirage playtennis!

Pipetto, Pipetta has misery unnoticed!

But the strangest thing happened. Backscuttling for the hop  
off with the odds altogether in favour of his tumbling into the  
river, Jaun just then I saw to collect from the gentlest weaner  
among the weiners, (who by this were in half droopleaflong  
mourning for the passing of the last post) the familiar yellow  
label into which he let fall a drop, smothered a curse, choked a  
guffaw, spat expectoratiously and blew his own trumpet. And next  
thing was he gummalicked the stickyback side and stamped the  
oval badge of belief to his agnelows brow with a genuine  
dash of irrepressible piety that readily turned his ladylike  
typmanzelles capsy curvy (the holy scamp!), with half a  
glance of Irish frisky (a Juan Jaimesan hastaluego) from under  
the shag of his parallel brows. It was then he made as if be  
but waved instead a handacross the sea as notice to quit while  
the pacifettes made their armpacts widdershins (Frida! Freda!%j%

