format: snippet


%ni%plais. The said Sully, a barracker associated with tinkers, the  
blackhand, Shovellyvans, wreuter of annoyimgmost letters and  
skirriless ballets in Parsee Franch who is Magrath’s thug and  
smells cheaply of Power’s spirits, like a deepsea dibbler, and he is  
not fit enough to throw guts down to a bear. Sylphling me  
when is a maid nought a maid he would go to anyposs length  
for her! So long, Sulleyman! If they cut his nose on the stitcher  
they had their sive n good reasons. Here’s to the leglift of my  
snuff and trout stockangt henkerchoff, orange fin with a mosaic  
of dispensations and a froren black patata, from my church milli-  
ner. When Lynch Brother, Withworkers, Friends and Company  
with T. C. King and the Warden of Galway is prepared to  
stretch him sacred by the powers to the starlight, L.B.W. Hemp,  
hemp, hurray! says the captain in the moonlight. I could put  
him under my pallyass and slepp on him all nights as I would  
roll myself for holy poly over his borrowing places. How we will  
make laugh over him together, me and my Riley in the Vickar’s  
bed! Quink! says I. He cawls to me Granny-stream-Auborne  
when I am hiding under my hair from him and I cool him my  
Finnyking he’s so joyant a bounder. Plunk! said he. Inasmuch  
as I am delightful to be able to state, with the joy of lifing in my  
forty winkers, that a handsome sovereign was freely pledged  
in their pennis in the sluts maschine, alonging wath a cherry-  
wickerkishabrack of maryfruit under Shadow La Rose, to both  
the legintimate lady performers of display unquestionable, Elsebett  
and Marryetta Gunning, H 2 O, by that noblesse of leechers at  
his Saxontannery with motto in Wwalshe’s ffrenchllatin: O’Neill  
saw Queen Molly’s pants: and much admired engraving, meaning  
complet manly parts during alleged recent act of our chief  
mergey margey magistrades, five itches above the kneecap, as  
required by statues. V.I.C.5.6. If you won’t release me stop to  
please me up the leg of me. Now you see! Respect. S.V.P.  
Your wife. Amn. Anm. Amm. Ann.
%—%You wish to take us, Frui Mria, by degrees, as artis litterarum-  
que patrona but I am afraid, my poor woman of that same  
name, what with your silvanes and your salvines, you are misled.

