format: snippet


%ni%gleam darkling adown surface of affluvial flowandflow as again  
might seem garments of laundry reposing a leasward close at  
hand in full expectation. And as I was jogging along in a dream as  
dozing I was dawdling, arrah, methought broadtone was heard and  
the creepers and the gliders and flivvers of the earth breath and  
the dancetongues of the woodfires and the hummers in their  
ground all vociferated echoating: Shaun! Shaun! Post the post!  
with a high voice and O, the higher on high the deeper and low,  
I heard him so! And lo, mescemed somewhat came of the noise  
and somewho might amove allmurk. Now, ’twas as clump, now  
mayhap. When look, was light and now ’twas as flasher, now  
moren as the glaow. Ah, in unlitness ’twas in very similitude,  
bless me, ’twas his belted lamp! Whom we dreamt was a shaddo,  
sure, he’s lightseyes, the laddo! Blessed momence, O romence,  
he’s growing to stay! Ay, he who so swayed a will of a wisp  
before me, hand prop to hand, prompt side to the pros, dressed  
like an earl in just the correct wear, in a classy mac Frieze o’coat  
of far suparior ruggedness, indigo braw, tracked and tramped,  
and an Irish ferrier collar, freeswinging with mereswin lacers from  
his shoulthern and thick welted brogues on him hammered to suit  
the scotsmost public and climate, iron heels and sparable soles, and  
his jacket of providence wellprovided woolies with a softrolling  
lisp of a lapel to it and great sealingwax buttons, a good helping  
bigger than the slots for them, of twentytwo carrot krasnapopp-  
sky red and his invulnerable burlap whiskcoat and his popular  
choker, Tamagnum sette-and-forte and his loud boheem toy and  
the damasker’s overshirt he sported inside, a starspangled zephyr  
with a decidedly surpliced crinklydoodle front with his motto  
through dear life embrothred over it in peas, rice, and yeggy-  
yolk, Or for royal, Am for Mail, R.M.D. hard cash on the nail  
and the most successfully carried gigot turnups now you ever,  
(what a pairfact crease! how amsolookly kersse!) breaking over  
the ankle and hugging the shoeheel, everything the best%—%none  
other from (Ah, then may the turtle’s blessings of God and Mary  
and Haggispatrick and Huggisbrigid be souptumbling all over  
him!) other than (and may his hundred thousand welcome stewed%j%

