format: snippet


%ni%Quinnigan’s Quake! Stump! His producers are they not his con-  
sumers? Your exagmination round his factification for incam-  
ination of a warping process. Declaim!
%—%Arra irrara hirrara man, weren’t they arriving in clansdes-  
tinies for the Imbandiment of Ad Regias Agni Dapes, fogabawlers  
and panhibernskers, after the crack and the lean years, scalpjaggers  
and houthhunters, like the messicals of the great god, a scarlet  
trainful, the Twoedged Petrard, totalling, leggats and prelaps, in  
their aggregate ages two and thirty plus undecimmed centries  
of them with insiders, extraomnes and tuttifrutties allcunct, from  
Rathgar, Rathanga, Rountown and Rush, from America Avenue  
and Asia Place and the Affrian Way and Europa Parade and be-  
sogar the wallies of Noo Soch Wilds and from Vico, Mespil  
Rock and Sorrento, for the lure of his weal and the fear of his  
oppidumic, to his salon de espera in the keel of his kraal, like  
lodes of ores flocking fast to Mount Maximagnetic, afeerd he was  
a gunner but affaird to stay away, Merrionites, Dumstdumb-  
drummers, Luccanicans, Ashtoumers, Batterysby Parkes and  
Krumlin Boyards, Phillipsburgs, Cabraists and Finglossies,  
Ballymunites, Raheniacs and the bettlers of Clontarf, for to con-  
template in manifest and pay their firstrate duties before the both  
of him, twelve stone a side, with their Thieve le Roué! and their  
Shvr yr Thrst! and their Uisgye ad Inferos! and their Usque ad  
Ebbraios! at and in the licensed boosiness primises of his del-  
hightful bazar and reunited magazine hall, by the magazine wall,  
Hosty’s and Co, Exports, for his five hundredth and sixtysixth  
borthday, the grand old Magennis Mor, Persee and Rahli, taker  
of the tributes, their Rinseky Poppakork and Piowtor the Grape,  
holding Dunker’s durbar, boot kings and indiarubber umpires  
and shawhs from paisley and muftis in muslim and sultana  
reiseines and jordan almonders and a row of jam sahibs and a  
odd principeza in her pettedcoat and the queen of knight’s clubs  
and the claddagh ringleaders and the two salaames and the Halfa  
Ham and the Hanzas Khan with two fat Maharashers and the  
German selver geyser and he polished up, protemptible, tintanam-  
bulating to himsilf so silfrich, and there was J. B. Dunlop, the%j%

