format: snippet


%ni%borning. Let the love ladleliked at the eye girde your gastricks  
in the gym. Nor must you omit to screw the lid firmly on that  
jazz jiggery and kick starts. Bumping races on the flat and point  
to point over obstacles. Ridewheeling that acclivisciously up  
windy Rutland Rise and insighting rebellious northers before the  
saunter of the city of Dunlob. Then breretonbiking on the free  
with your airs of go-be-dee and your heels upon the handlebars.  
Berrboel brazenness! No, before your corselage rib is decartilaged,  
that is to mean if you have visceral ptossis, my point is, making  
allowances for the fads of your weak abdominal wall and your  
liver asprewl, vinvin, vinvin, or should you feel, in shorts, as  
though you needed healthy physicking exorcise to flush your  
kidneys, you understand, and move that twelffinger bowel and  
threadworm inhibitating it, lassy, and perspire freely, lict your  
lector in the lobby and why out you go by the ostiary on to  
the dirt track and skip! Be a sportive. Deal with Nature the great  
greengrocer and pay regularly the monthlies. Your Punt’s Per-  
fume’s only in the hatpinny shop beside the reek of the rawny.  
It’s more important than air%—%I mean than eats%—%air (Oop, I  
never open momouth but I pack mefood in it) and promotes that  
natural emotion. Stamp out bad eggs. Why so many puddings  
prove disappointing, as Dietician says, in Creature Comforts  
Causeries, and why so much soup is so muck slop. If we  
could fatten on the elizabeetons we wouldn’t have teeth like  
the hippopotamians. However. Likewise if I were in your  
envelope shirt I’d keep my weathereye well cocked open for  
your furnished lodgers paying for their feed on tally with  
company and piano tunes. Only stuprifying yourself! The too  
friendly friend sort, Mazourikawitch or some other sukinsin of  
a vitch, who he’s kommen from olt Pannonia on this porpoise  
whom sue stooderin about the maul and femurl artickles and who  
mix himself so at home mid the musik and spanks the ivory  
that lovely for this your Mistro Melosiosus MacShine MacShane  
may soon prove your undoing and bane through the succeeding  
years of rain should you, whilst Jaun is from home, get used to  
basking in his loverslowlap, inordinately clad, moustacheteasing,%j%

