format: snippet


%ni%and otherwise, messing around skirts and what their fickling in-  
tentions look like, you make up your mind to that) trespassing  
on your danger zone in the dancer years. If ever I catch you at it,  
mind, it’s you that will cocottch it! I’ll tackle you to feel if you  
have a few devils in you. Holy gun, I’ll give it to you, hot, high  
and heavy before you can say sedro! Or may the maledictions  
of Lousyfear fall like nettlerash on the white friar’s father that  
converted from moonshine the fostermother of the first nancy-  
free that ran off after the trumpadour that mangled Moore’s melo-  
dies and so upturned the tubshead of the stardaft journalwriter  
to inspire the prime finisher to fellhim the firtree out of which  
Cooper Funnymore planed the flat of the beerbarrel on which  
my grandydad’s lustiest sat his seat of unwisdom with my tante’s  
petted sister for the cause of his joy! Amene.

Poof! There’s puff for ye, begor, and planxty of it, all abound  
me breadth! Glor galore and glory be! As broad as its lung and  
as long as a line! The valiantine vaux of Venerable Val Vous-  
dem. If my jaws must brass away like the due drops on my lay.  
And the topnoted delivery you’d expected be me invoice! Theo  
Dunnohoo’s warning from Daddy O’Dowd. Whoo? What I’m  
wondering to myselfwhose for there’s a strong tendency, to put  
it mildly, by making me the medium. I feel spirts of itchery out-  
ching out from all over me and only for the sludgehummer’s  
force in my hand to hold them the darkens alone knows what’ll  
who’ll be saying of next. However. Now, before my upperotic  
rogister, something nice. Now? Dear Sister, in perfect leave again I  
say take a brokerly advice and keep it to yourself that we, Jaun, first  
of our name here now make all receptacles of, free of price. Easy,  
my dear, if they tingle you either say nothing or nod. No cheeka-  
cheek with chipperchapper, you and your last mashboy and the  
padre in the pulpbox enumerating you his nostrums. Be vacillant  
over those vigilant who would leave you to belave black on white.  
Close in for psychical hijiniks as well but fight shy of mugpunters.  
I’d burn the books that grieve you and light an allassundrian bom  
pyre that would suffragate Tome Plyfire or Zolfanerole. Perousse  
instate your Weekly Standerd, our verile organ that is ethelred by all%j%

