format: snippet


%ni%interstipital indecency as between twineties and tapegarters.  
fingerpats on fondlepets, under the couvrefeu act. It’s the thin  
end; wedge your steps! Your high powered hefty hoyden thinks  
nothing of ramping through a whole suite of smokeless hus-  
bands. Three minutes I’m counting you. Woooooon. No triching  
now! Give me that when I tell you! Ragazza ladra.! And is that  
any place to be smuggling his madam’s apples up? Deceitful  
jade. Gee wedge! Begor, I like the way they’re half cooked.  
Hold, flay, grill, fire that laney feeling for kosenkissing disgeni-  
cally within the proscribed limits like Population Peg on a hint or  
twim clandestinely does be doing to Temptation Tom, atkings  
questions in barely and snakking svarewords like a nursemagd.  
While there’s men-a’war on the say there’ll be loves-o’women  
on the do. Love through the usual channels, cisternbrothelly,  
when properly disinfected and taken neat in the generable way  
upon retiring to roost in the company of a husband-in-law or  
other respectable relative of an apposite sex, not love that leads  
by the nose as I foresmellt but canalised love, you understand,  
does a felon good, suspiciously if he has a slugger’s liver but I  
cannot belabour the point too ardently (and after the lessions of  
experience I speak from inspiration) that fetid spirits is the thief  
of prurities, so none of your twenty rod cherrywhisks, me  
daughter! At the Cat and Coney or the Spotted Dog. And at  
2bis Lot’s Road. When parties get tight for each other they lose  
all respect together. By the stench of her fizzle and the glib of her  
gab know the drunken draggletail Dublin drab. You’ll pay for  
each bally sorraday night every billing sumday morning. When  
the night is in May and the moon shines might. We won’t meeth  
in Navan till you try to give the Kellsfrieclub the goby. Hill or  
hollow, Hull or Hague! And beware how you dare of wet cock-  
tails in Kildare or the same may see your wedding driving home  
from your wake. Mades of ashens when you flirt spoil the lad  
but spare his shirt! Lay your lilylike long his shoulder but buck  
back if he buts bolder and just hep your homely hop and heed  
no horning but if you’ve got some brainy notion to raise cancan  
and rouse commotion I’ll be apt to flail that tail for you till it’s%j%

