format: snippet


%ni%striped conference here’s how. Nerbu de Bios! If you twos goes  
to walk upon the railway, Gard, and I’ll goad to beat behind the  
bush! See to it! Snip! It’s up to you. I’ll be hatsnatching harrier  
to hiding huries hinder hedge. Snap! I’ll tear up your limpshades  
and lock all your trotters in the closet, I will, and cut your silk-  
skin into garters. You’ll give up your ask unbrodhel ways when  
I make you reely smart. So skelp your budd and kiss the hurt!  
I’ll have plenary sadisfaction, plays the bishop, for your partial’s  
indulgences if your my rodeo gell. Fair man and foul suggestion.  
There’s a lot of lecit pleasure coming bangslanging your way,  
Miss Pinpernelly satin. For your own good, you understand, for  
the man who lifts his pud to a woman is saving the way for  
kindness. You’ll rebmemer your mottob Aveh Tiger Roma  
mikely smarter the nickst time. For I’ll just draw my prancer  
and give you one splitpuck in the crupper, you understand, that  
will bring the poppy blush of shame to your peony hindmost till  
you yelp papapardon and radden your rhodatantarums to the  
beat of calorrubordolor, I am, I do and I suffer, (do you hear me  
now, lickspoon, and stop looking at your bussycat bow in the  
slate?) that you won’t obliterate for the bulkier part of a running  
year, failing to give a good account of yourself, if you think I’m  
so tan cupid as all that. Lights out now (bouf!), tight and sleep  
on it. And that’s how I’ll bottle your greedypuss beautibus for  
ye, me bullin heifer, for ’tis I that have the peer of arrams that  
carry a wallop. Between them.

Unbeknownst to you would ire turn o’er see, a nuncio would  
I return here. How (from the sublime to the ridiculous) times  
out of oft, my future, shall we think with deepest of love and  
recollection by rintrospection of thee but me far away on the  
pillow, breathing foundly o’er my names all through the empties,  
whilst moidhered by the rattle of the doppeldoorknockers. Our  
homerole poet to Ostelinda, Fred Wetherly, puts it somewhys  
better. You’re sitting on me style, maybe, whereoft I helped  
your ore. Littlegame rumilie from Liffalidebankum, (Toobli-  
queme!) but a big corner fill you do in this unadulterated seat of  
our affections. Aerwenger’s my breed so may we uncreepingly%j%

