format: snippet

%—%Alas for livings’ pledjures!
%—%Lordy Daw and Lady Don! Uncle Foozle and Aunty  
Jack! Sure, that old humbugger was boycotted and girlcutted  
in debt and doom, on hill and haven, even by the show-the-flag  
flotilla, as I’m given now to understand, illscribed in all the  
gratuitouses and conspued in the takeyourhandaways. Bumbty,  
tumbty, Sot on a Wall, Mute art for the Million. There wasn’t an  
Archimandrite of Dane’s Island and the townlands nor a minx  
from the Isle of Woman nor a one of the four cantins nor any on  
the whole wheel of his ecunemical conciliabulum nor nogent  
ingen meid on allad the hold scurface of the jorth would come  
next or nigh him, Mr Eelwhipper, seed and nursery man, or  
his allgas bumgalowre, Auxilium Meum Solo A Domino (Amsad),  
for rime or ration, from piles or faces, after that.
%—%All ears did wag, old Eire wake as Piers Aurell was flapper-  
gangsted.
%—%Recount!
%—%I have it here to my fingall’s ends. This liggy piggy wanted  
to go to the jampot. And this leggy peggy spelt pea. And theese  
lucky puckers played at pooping tooletom. Ma’s da. Da’s ma.  
Madas. Sadam.
%—%Pater patruum cum filiabus familiarum. Or, but, now, and,  
ariring out of her mirgery margery watersheads and, to change  
that subjunct from the traumaturgid for once in a while and dart-  
ing back to stuff, if so be you may identify yourself with the him  
in you, that fluctuous neck merchamtur, bloodfadder and milk-  
mudder, since then our too many of her, Abha na Life, and getting  
on to dadaddy again, as them we’re ne’er free of, was he in tea  
e’er he went on the bier or didn’t he ontime do something seemly  
heavy in sugar? He sent out Christy Columb and he came back  
with a jailbird’s unbespokables in his beak and then he sent out  
Le Caron Crow and the peacies are still looking for him. The  
seeker from the swayed, the beesabouties from the parent swarm.  
Speak to the right! Rotacist ca canny! He caun ne’er be bothered  
but maun e’er be waked. If there is a future in every past that is  
present Quis est qui non novit quinnigan and Qui quae quot at%j%

