format: snippet


%ni%that first liar. Let us hear, therefore, as you honour and obey the  
queen, whither the indwellingness of that which shamefieth be  
entwined of one or atoned of two. Let us hear, Art simplicissime!
%—%Dearly beloved brethren: Bruno and Nola, leymon bogholders  
and stationary lifepartners off orangey Saint Nessau Street, were  
explaining it avicendas all round each other ere yesterweek out  
of Ibn Sen and Ipanzussch. When himupon Nola Bruno mono-  
polises his egobruno most unwillingly seses by the mortal powers  
alionola equal and opposite brunoipso, id est, eternally provoking  
alio opposite equally as provoked as Bruno at being eternally  
opposed by Nola. Poor omniboose, singalow singelearum: so  
is he!
%—%One might hear in their beyond that lionroar in the air  
again, the zoohoohoom of Felin make Call. Bruin goes to Noble,  
aver who is? If is itsen? Or you mean Nolans but Volans, an  
alibi, do you Mutemalice, suffering unegoistically from the singular  
but positively enjoying on the plural? Dustify of that sole, you  
breather! Ruemember, blither, thou must lie!
%—%Oyessoyess! I never dramped of prebeing a postman but  
I mean in ostralian someplace, mults deeply belubdead; my  
allaboy brother, Negoist Cabler, of this city, whom ’tis better  
ne’er to name, my said brother, the skipgod, expulled for  
looking at churches from behind, who is sender of the Hullo  
Eve Cenograph in prose and worse every Allso’s night. High  
Brazil Brandan’s Deferred, midden Erse clare language, Nought-  
noughtnought nein. Assass. Dublire, per Neuropaths. Punk.  
Starving today plays punk opening tomorrow two plays punk  
wire splosh how two plays punk Cabler. Have you forgotten  
poor Alby Sobrinos, Geoff, you blighter, identifiable by the  
necessary white patch on his rear? How he went to his swilters-  
land after his lungs, my sad late brother, before his coglionial  
expancian? Won’t you join me in a small halemerry, a bottle of  
the best, for wellmet Capeler, united Irishmen, what though pre-  
ferring the stranger, the coughs and the itches and the minnies  
and the ratties the opulose and bilgenses, for of his was the  
patriots mistaken. The heart that wast our Graw McGree!%j%

