format: snippet


%ni%knows I have the highest of respect of annyone in my oweand  
smooth way for that intellectual debtor (Obbligado!) Mushure  
David R. Crozier. And we’re the closest of chems. Mark my use  
of you, cog! Take notice how I yemploy, crib! Be ware as you,  
I foil, coppy! It’s a pity he can’t see it for I’m terribly nice about  
him. Canwyll y Cymry, the marmade’s flamme! A leal of the  
O’Looniys, a Brazel aboo! The most omportent man! Shervos!  
Ho, be the holy snakes, someone has shaved his rough diamond  
skull for him as clean as Nuntius’ piedish! The burnt out  
mesh and the matting and all! Thunderweather, khyber schinker  
escapa sansa pagar! He’s the spatton spit, so he is, scaly skin  
and all, with his blackguarded eye and the goatsbeard in  
his buttinghole of Shemuel Tulliver, me grandsourd, the old  
cruxader, when he off with his paudeen! That was to let the  
crowd of the Flu Flux Fans behind him see me proper. Ah,  
he’s very thoughtful and sympatrico that way is Brother Intelli-  
gentius, when he’s not absintheminded, with his Paris addresse!  
He is, really. Holdhard till you’ll ear him clicking his bull’s  
bones! Some toad klakkin! You’re welcome back, Wilkins, to  
red berries in the frost! And here’s the butter exchange to pfeife  
and dramn ye with a bawlful of the Moulsaybaysse and yunker  
doodler wanked to wall awriting off his phoney. I’m tired hair-  
ing of you. Hat yourself! Give us your dyed dextremity here,  
frother, the Claddagh clasp! I met with dapper dandy and he  
shocked me big the hamd. Where’s your watch keeper? You’ve  
seen all sorts in shapes and sizes, marauding about the moppa-  
mound. How’s the cock and the bullfight? And old Auster and  
Hungrig? And the Beer and Belly and the Boot and Ball? Not  
forgetting the oils of greas under that turkey in julep and Father  
Freeshots Feilbogen in his rockery garden with the costard? And  
tid you meet with Peadhar the Grab at all? And did you call on  
Tower Geesyhus? Was Mona, my own love, no bigger than she  
should be, making up to you in her bestbehaved manor when  
you made your breastlaw and made her, tell me? And did you  
like the landskip from Lambay? I’m better pleased than ten  
guidneys! You rejoice me! Faith, I’m proud of you, french davit!%j%

