format: snippet


%ni%likes. When the gong goes for hornets-two-nest marriage step  
into your harness and strip off that nullity suit. Faminy, hold  
back! For the race is to the rashest of, the romping, jomping  
rushes of. Haul Seton’s down, black, green and grey, and hoist  
Mikealy’s whey and sawdust. What’s overdressed if underclothed?  
Poposht forstake me knot where there’s white lets ope. Whisht!  
Blesht she that walked with good Jook Humprey for he made  
her happytight. Go! You can down all the dripping you can  
dumple to, and buffkid scouse too ad libidinum, in these lassi-  
tudes if you’ve parents and things to look after. That was what  
stuck to the Comtesse Cantilene while she was sticking out Mavis  
Toffeelips to feed her soprannated huspals, and it is henceforth  
associated with her names. La Dreeping! Die Droopink! The  
inimitable in puresuet of the inevitable! There’s nothing to touch  
it, we are taucht, unless she’d care for a mouthpull of white pud-  
ding for the wish is on her rose marine and the lunchlight in her  
eye, so when you pet the rollingpin write my name on the pie.  
Guard that gem, Sissy, rich and rare, ses he. In this cold old  
worold who’ll feel it? Hum! The jewel you’re all so cracked  
about there’s flitty few of them gets it for there’s nothing now  
but the sable stoles and a runabout to match it. Sing him a ring.  
Touch me low. And I’ll lech ye so, my soandso. Show and show.  
Show on show. She. Shoe. Shone.

Divulge, sjuddenly jouted out hardworking Jaun, kicking  
the console to his double and braying aloud like Brahaam’s ass,  
and, as his voixehumanar swelled to great, clenching his manlies,  
so highly strong was he, man, and gradually quite warming to  
her (there must have been a power of kinantics in that buel  
of gruel he gobed at bedgo) divorce into me and say the cur-  
name in undress (if you get into trouble with a party you are  
not likely to forget his appearance either) of any lapwhelp or  
sleevemongrel who talks to you upon the road where he tuck  
you to be a roller, O, (the goattanned saxopeeler upshotdown  
chigs peel of him!) and volunteers to trifle with your round-  
lings for profferred glass and dough, the marrying hand that  
his leisure repents of, without taking out his proper password%j%

