format: snippet


%ni%and oath by the awe of Shaun (and that’s a howl of a name!) that  
I will commission to the flames any incendiarist whosoever or  
ahriman howsoclever who would endeavour to set ever annyma  
roner moother of mine on fire. Rock me julie but I will soho!

And, with that crickcrackcruck of his threelungged squool  
from which grief had usupped every smile, big hottempered  
husky fusky krenfy strenfy pugiliser, such as he was, he virtually  
broke down on the mooherhead, getting quite jerry over her,  
overpowered by himself with the love of the tearsilver that  
he twined through her hair for, sure, he was the soft semplgawn  
slob of the world with a heart like Montgomery’s in his showchest  
and harvey loads of feeling in him and as innocent and undesign-  
ful as the freshfallen calef. Still, grossly unselfish in sickself, he  
dished allarmes away and laughed it off with a wipe at his pud-  
gies and a gulp apologetic, healing his tare be the smeyle of his  
oye, oogling around. Him belly no belong sollow mole pigeon.  
Ally bully. Fu Li’s gulpa. Mind you, now, that he was in the  
dumpest of earnest orthough him jawr war hoo hleepy hor halk  
urthing hurther. Moe like that only he stopped short in looking  
up up upfrom his tide shackled wrists through the ghost of an  
ocean’s, the wieds of pansiful heathvens of joepeter’s gaseytotum  
as they are telling not but were and will be, all told, scruting fore-  
back into the fargoneahead to feel out what age in years tropical,  
ecclesiastic, civil or sidereal he might find by the sirious pointstand  
of Charley’s Wain (what betune the spheres sledding along the  
lacteal and the mansions of the blest turning on old times) as ere-  
while had he craved of thus, the dreamskhwindel necklassoed him,  
his thumbs fell into his fists and, lusosing the harmonical balance  
of his ballbearing extremities, by the holy kettle, like a flask of  
lightning over he careened (O the sons of the fathers!) by the  
mightyfine weight of his barrel (all that prevented the happering  
of who if not the asterisks betwink themselves shall ever?) and,  
as the wisest postlude course he could playact, collaspsed in en-  
semble and rolled buoyantly backwards in less than a twink-  
ling via Rattigan’s corner out of farther earshot with his highly  
curious mode of slipashod motion, surefoot, sorefoot, slickfoot,%j%

