format: snippet


%ni%letters, relayed wand postchased, multiply, ay faith, and plultiply!)  
Shaun himself.

What a picture primitive!

Had I the concordant wiseheads of Messrs Gregory and Lyons  
alongside of Dr Tarpey’s and I dorsay the reverend Mr Mac  
Dougall’s, but I, poor ass, am but as their fourpart tinckler’s dun-  
key. Yet methought Shaun (holy messonger angels be uninter-  
ruptedly nudging him among and along the winding ways of  
random ever!) Shaun in proper person (now may all the blue-  
blacksliding constellations continue to shape his changeable time-  
table!) stood before me. And I pledge you my agricultural word  
by the hundred and sixty odds rods and cones of this even’s  
vision that young fellow looked the stuff, the Bel of Beaus’  
Walk, a prime card if ever was! Pep? Now without deceit it is  
hardly too much to say he was looking grand, so fired smart, in  
much more than his usual health. No mistaking that beamish  
brow! There was one for you that ne’er would nunch with good  
Duke Humphrey but would aight through the months without a  
sign of an err in hem and then, otherwise rounding, fourale to the  
lees of Traroe. Those jehovial oyeglances! The heart of the rool!  
And hit the hencoop. He was immense, topping swell for he was  
after having a great time of it, a twentyfour hours every moment  
matters maltsight, in a porterhouse, scutfrank, if you want to  
know, Saint Lawzenge of Toole’s, the Wheel of Fortune, leave  
your clubs in the hall and wait on yourself, no chucks for wal-  
nut ketchups, Lazenby’s and Chutney graspis (the house the once  
queen of Bristol and Balrothery twice admired because her  
frumped door looked up Dacent Street) where in the sighed of  
lovely eyes while his knives of hearts made havoc he had re-  
cruited his strength by meals of spadefuls of mounded food, in  
anticipation of the faste of tablenapkins, constituting his three-  
partite pranzipal meals plus a collation, his breakfast of first, a bless  
us O blood and thirsthy orange, next, the half of a pint of becon  
with newled googs and a segment of riceplummy padding, met  
of sunder suigar and some cold forsoaken steak peatrefired from  
the batblack night o’erflown then, without prejuice to evectuals,%j%

