format: snippet


%ni%Wouldndom! But, Gemini, he’s looking frightfully thin! I heard  
the man Shee shinging in the pantry bay. Down among the dust-  
bins let him lie! Ear! Ear! Not ay! Eye! Eye! For I’m at the heart  
of it. Yet I cannot on my solemn merits as a recitativer recollect  
ever having done of anything of the kind to deserve of such.  
Not the phost of a nation! Nor by a long trollop! I just didn’t have  
the time to. Saint Anthony Guide!
%—%But have we until now ever besought you, dear Shaun, we  
remembered, who it was, good boy, to begin with, who out of  
symphony gave you the permit?
%—%Goodbye now, Shaun replied, with a voice pure as a church-  
mode, in echo rightdainty, with a good catlick tug at his coco-  
moss candylock, a foretaste in time of his cabbageous brain’s  
curlyflower. Athiacaro! Comb his tar odd gee sing your mower  
O meeow? Greet thee Good? How are them columbuses! Lard  
have mustard on them! Fatiguing, very fatiguing. Hobos hom-  
knees and the corveeture of my spine. Poumeerme! My heaviest  
crux and dairy lot it is, with a bed as hard as the thinkamuddles  
of the Greeks and a board as bare as a Roman altar. I’m off  
rabbited kitchens and relief porridgers. No later than a very few  
fortnichts since I was meeting on the Thinker’s Dam with a pair  
of men out of glasshouse whom I shuffled hands with named  
MacBlacks%—%I think their names is MacBlakes%—%from the Headfire  
Clump%—%and they were improving me and making me beliek no  
five hour factory life with insufficient emollient and industrial  
disabled for them that day o’gratises. I have the highest grati-  
fication by anuncing how I have it from whowho but Hagios  
Colleenkiller’s prophecies. After suns and moons, dews and  
wettings, thunders and fires, comes sabotag. Solvitur palum-  
ballando! Tilvido! Adie!
%—%Then, we explained, salve a tour, ambly andy, you possibly  
might be so by order?
%—%Forgive me, Shaun repeated from his liquid lipes, not what  
I wants to do a strike of work but it was condemned on me pre-  
mitially by Hireark Books and Chiefoverseer Cooks in their  
Eusebian Concordant Homilies and there does be a power com-%j%

