format: snippet


%ni%dinous and oldbuoyant, inscythe his elytrical wormcasket and  
Dehlia and Peonia, his druping nymphs, bewheedling him, com-  
pound eyes on hornitosehead, and Auld Letty Plussiboots to  
scratch his cacumen and cackle his tramsitus, diva deborah (seven  
bolls of sapo, a lick of lime, two spurts of fussfor, threefurts of  
sulph, a shake o’shouker, doze grains of migniss and a mesfull of  
midcap pitchies. The whool of the whaal in the wheel of the  
whorl of the Boubou from Bourneum has thus come to taon!),  
and with tambarins and cantoridettes soturning around his eggs-  
hill rockcoach their dance McCaper in retrophoebia, beck from  
bulk, like fantastic disossed and jenny aprils, to the ra, the ra, the  
ra, the ra, langsome heels and langsome toesis, attended to by a  
mutter and doffer duffmatt baxingmotch and a myrmidins of  
pszozlers pszinging Satyr’s Caudledayed Nice and Hombly,  
Dombly Sod We Awhile but Ho, Time Timeagen, Wake! For if  
sciencium (what’s what) can mute uns nought, ’a thought,  
abought the Great Sommboddy within the Omniboss, perhops an  
artsaccord (hoot’s hoot) might sing ums tumtim abutt the Little  
Newbuddies that ring his panch. A high old tide for the bar-  
heated publics and the whole day as gratiis! Fudder and lighting  
for ally looty, any filly in a fog, for O’Cronione lags acrumbling  
in his sands but his sunsunsuns still tumble on. Erething above  
ground, as his Book of Breathings bed him, so as everwhy, sham  
or shunner, zeemliangly to kick time.

Grouscious me and scarab my sahull What a bagateller it is!  
Libelulous! Inzanzarity! Pou! Pschla! Ptuh! What a zeit for the  
goths! vented the Ondt, who, not being a sommerfool, was  
thothfolly making chilly spaces at hisphex affront of the icinglass  
of his windhame, which was cold antitopically Nixnixundnix.  
We shall not come to party at that lopp’s, he decided possibly,  
for he is not on our social list. Nor to Ba’s berial nether, thon  
sloghard, this oldeborre’s yaar ablong as there’s a khul on a khat.  
Nefersenless, when he had safely looked up his ovipository, he  
loftet hails and prayed: May he me no voida water! Seekit Ha-  
tup! May no he me tile pig shed on! Suckit Hotup! As broad as  
Beppy’s realm shall flourish my reign shall flourish! As high as%j%

