format: snippet


%ni%been laid up with Castor’s oil on the Parrish’s syrup (the night  
we will remember) for to share our hard suite of affections with  
thee.

I rise, O fair assemblage! Andcommincio. Now then, after  
this introit of exordium, my galaxy girls, quiproquo of directions  
to henservants I was asking his advice on the strict T.T. from  
Father Mike, P.P., my orational dominican and confessor doctor,  
C.C.D.D. (buy the birds, he was saying as he yerked me under  
the ribs sermon in an offrand way and confidence petween peas  
like ourselves in soandso many nuncupiscent words about how he  
had been confarreating teat-a-teat with two viragos intactas about  
what an awful life he led, poorish priced, uttering mass for a  
coppall of geldings and what a lawful day it was, there and then,  
for a consommation with an effusion and how, by all the manny  
larries ate pignatties, how, hell in tunnels, he’d marry me any  
old buckling time as flying quick as he’d look at me) and I am  
giving youth now again in words of style byaway of offertory  
hisand mikeadvice, an it place the person, as ere he retook him  
to his cure, those verbs he said to me. From above. The most  
eminent bishop titular of Dubloonik to all his purtybusses in  
Dellabelliney. Comeallyedimseldamsels, siddle down and lissle  
all! Follow me close! Keep me in view! Understeady me saries!  
Which is to all practising massoeurses from a preaching freer and  
be a gentleman without a duster before a parlourmade with-  
out a spitch. Now. During our brief apsence from this furtive  
feugtig season adhere to as many as probable of the ten com-  
mandments. touching purgations and indulgences and in the long  
run they will prove for your better guidance along your path of  
right of way. Where the lisieuse are we and what’s the first sing  
to be sung? Is it rubrics, mandarimus, pasqualines, or verdidads  
is in it, or the bruiselivid indecores of estreme voyoulence and,  
for the lover of lithurgy, bekant or besant, where’s the fate’s to  
be wished for? Several sindays after whatsintime. I’ll sack that sick  
server the minute I bless him. That’s the mokst I can do for his  
grapce. Economy of movement, axe why said. I’ve a hopesome’s  
choice if I chouse of all the sinkts in the colander. From the com-%j%

