format: snippet


%ni%bark is still there but the molars are gone. The misery billyboots  
I used to lend him before we split and, be the hole in the year,  
they were laking like heaven’s reflexes. But I told him make your  
will be done and go to a general and I’d pray confessions for  
him. Areesh! Areesh! And I’ll be your intrepider. Ambras!  
Ruffle her! Bussing was before the blood and bissing will behind  
the curtain. Triss! Did you note that worrid expressionism on  
his megalogue? A full octavium below me! And did you hear  
his browrings rattlemaking when he was preaching to himself?  
And, whoa! do you twig the schamlooking leaf greeping ghastly  
down his blousyfrock? Our national umbloom! Areesh! He  
won’t. He’s shoy. Those worthies, my old faher’s onkel that  
was garotted, Caius Cocoa Codinhand, that I lost in a crowd,  
used to chop that tongue of his, japlatin, with my yuonkle’s  
owlseller, Woowoolfe Woodenbeard, that went stomebathred,  
in the Tower of Balbus, as brisk, man, as I’d scoff up muttan  
chepps and lobscouse. But it’s all deafman’s duff to me,  
begob. Sam knows miles bettern me how to work the  
miracle. And I see by his diarrhio he’s dropping the stammer  
out of his silenced bladder since I bonded him off more as a  
friend and as a brother to try and grow a muff and canonise his  
dead feet down on the river airy by thinking himself into the  
fourth dimension and place the ocean between his and ours,  
the churchyard in the cloister of the depths, after he was capped  
out of beurlads scoel for the sin against the past participle and  
earned the factitation of codding chaplan and being as homely  
gauche as swift B.A.A. Who gets twickly fullgets twice as alle-  
manden huskers. But the whacker his word the weaker our ears  
for auracles who parles parses orileys. Illstarred punster, lipster-  
ing cowknucks. ’Twas the quadra sent him and Trinity too. And  
he can cantab as chipper as any oxon ever I mood with, a tiptoe  
singer! He’ll prisckly soon hand tune -your Erin’s ear for you.  
p.p. a mimograph at a time, numan bitter, with his ancomartins  
to read the road roman with false steps ad Pernicious from  
rhearsilvar ormolus to torquinions superbers while I’m far  
away from wherever thou art serving my tallyhos and tullying%j%

