format: snippet


%ni%ing effects and affects occasionally recausing altereffects. Or I  
will let me take it upon myself to suggest to twist Ihe penman’s  
tale posterwise. The gist is the gist of Shaum but the hand is  
the hand of Sameas. Shan - Shim - Schung. There is a strong  
suspicion on counterfeit Kevin and we all remember ye in child-  
hood’s reverye. ’Tis the bells of scandal that gave tune to  
grumble over him and someone between me and thee. He would  
preach to the two turkies and dipdip all the dindians, this master  
the abbey, and give gold tidings to all that are in the bonze age  
of anteproresurrectionism to entrust their easter neappearance  
to Borsaiolini’s house of hatcraft. He is our sent on the firm.  
Now, have you reasonable hesitancy in your mind about him  
after fourpriest redmass or are you in your post? Tell me andat  
sans dismay. Leap, pard!
%—%Fierappel putting years on me! Nwo, nwo! This bolt in  
hand be my worder! I’ll see you moved farther, blarneying  
Marcantonio! What cans such wretch to say to I or how have My  
to doom with him? We were wombful of mischief and initium-  
wise, everliking a liked, hairytop on heeltipper, alpybecca’s un-  
wachsibles, an ikeson am ikeson, that babe, imprincipially, my  
leperd brethern, the Puer, ens innocens of but fifteen primes.  
Ya all in your kalblionized so trilustriously standing the real  
school, to be upright as his match, healtheous as is egg, saviour  
so the salt and good wee braod, parallaling buttyr, did I alter-  
mobile him to a flare insiding hogsfat. Been ike hins kinder-  
gardien? I know not, O cashla, I am sure offed habitand this  
undered heaven, meis enfins, contrasting the first mover, that  
father I ascend fromming knows, as I think, caused whom I, a  
self the sign, came remaining being dwelling ayr, plage and  
watford as to I was eltered impostulance possessing my future  
state falling towards thrice myself resting the childhide when  
I received the habit following Mezienius connecting Mezosius  
including was verted embracing a palegrim, circumcised my  
hairs, Oh laud, and removed my clothes from patristic motives,  
meas minimas culpads! Permitting this ick (ickle coon icoocoon)  
crouched low entering humble down, dead thrue mean scato-%j%

