format: snippet


%ni%my lather. Like you. And as I was plucking his goosybone. Like  
yea. He store the tale of me shur. Like yup. How’s that for  
Shemese?
%—%Still in a way, not to flatter you, we fancy you that you are  
so strikingly brainy and well letterread in yourshelves as ever were  
the Shamous Shamonous, Limited, could use worse of yourself, in-  
genious Shaun, we still so fancied, if only you would take your  
time so and the trouble of so doing it. Upu now!
%—%Undoubtedly but that is show, Shaun replied, the mutter-  
melk of his blood donor beginning to work, and while innocent  
of disseminating the foul emanation, it would be a fall day I  
could not, sole, so you can keep your space and by the power of  
blurry wards I am loyable to do it (I am convicted of it!) any time  
ever I liked (bet ye fippence off me boot allowance!) with the  
allergrossest transfusiasm as, you see, while I can soroquise the  
Siamanish better than most, it is an openear secret, be it said,  
how I am extremely ingenuous at the clerking even with my  
badily left and, arrah go braz, I’d pinsel it with immenuensoes  
as easy as I’d perorate a chickerow of beans for the price of two  
maricles and my trifolium librotto, the authordux Book of Lief,  
would, if given to daylight, (I hold a most incredible faith about  
it) far exceed what that bogus bolshy of a shame, my soamheis  
brother, Gaoy Fecks, is conversant with in audible black and  
prink. Outragedy of poetscalds! Acomedy of letters! I have  
them all, tame, deep and harried, in my mine’s I. And one of  
these fine days, man dear, when the mood is on me, that I  
may willhap cut my throat with my tongue tonight but I will  
be ormuzd moved to take potlood and introvent it Paatryk just  
like a work of merit, mark my words and append to my mark  
twang, that will open your pucktricker’s ops for you, broather  
brooher, only for, as a papst and an immature and a nayophight  
and a spaciaman spaciosum and a hundred and eleven other things,  
I would never for anything take so much trouble of such doing.  
And why so? Because I am altogether a chap too fly and hairyman  
for to infradig the like of that ultravirulence. And by all I hold  
sacred on earth clouds and in heaven I swear to you on my piop%j%

