format: snippet

%—%How voice you that, nice Sandy man? Not large goodman  
is he, Sandy nice. Ask him this one minute upthrow inner lotus  
of his burly ear womit he dropped his Bass’s to P flat. And for  
that he was allaughed? And then baited? The whole gammat?
%—%Loonacied! Marterdyed!! Madwakemiherculossed!!! Ju-  
dascessed!!!! Pairaskivvymenassed!!!!! Luredogged!!!!!! And,  
needatellye, faulscrescendied!!!!!!!
%—%Dias domnas! Dolled to dolthood? And Annie Delittle,  
his daintree diva, in deltic dwilights, singing him henpecked rusish  
through the bars? My Wolossay’s wild as the Crasnian Sea!  
Grabashag, groogy, scoop and I’ll cure ye! Mother of emeralds,  
ara poog neighbours!
%—%Capilla, Rubrilla and Melcamomilla! Dauby, dauby, with-  
out dulay! Well, I beg to traverse same above statement by saxy  
luters in their back haul of Coalcutter what reflects upon my  
administrants of slow poisoning as my dodear devere revered  
mainhirr was confined to guardroom, I hindustand, by my pint  
of his Filthered pilsens bottle due to Zenaphiah Holwell, H and  
J. C. S, Which I was bringing up my quee parapotacarry’s orders  
in my sedown chair with my mudfacepacket from my cash  
chemist and family drugger, Surager Dowling, V.S. to our aural  
surgeon, Afamado Hairductor Achmed Borumborad, M.A.C.A,  
Sahib, of a 1001 Ombrilla Street, Syringa padham, Alleypulley, to  
see what was my watergood, my mesical wasserguss, for repairs  
done by bollworm in the rere of pilch knickers, seven yerds to  
his galandhar pole on perch, together with his for me unfillable  
slopper, property of my deeply forfear revebereared, who is costing  
us mostfortunes which I am writing in mepetition to Kavanagh  
Djanaral, when he was sitting him humpbacked in dryfilthy-  
heat to his trinidads pinslers at their orpentings, entailing a  
laxative tendency to mary, especially with him being forbidden  
fruit and certified by his sexular clergy to have as badazmy  
emotional volvular, with a basketful of priesters crossing the  
singorgeous to aroint him with tummy moor’s maladies, and  
thereinafter liable to succumb when served with letters potent  
below the belch, if my rupee repure riputed husbandship H.R.R.%j%

