format: snippet


%ni%teeny witween piece torn in one place from my hands in second  
place of a linenhall valentino with my fondest and much left to  
tutor. X.X.X.X. It was heavily bulledicted for young Fr Ml,  
my pettest parriage priest, and you know who between us by  
your friend the pope, forty ways in forty nights, that’s the  
beauty of it, look, scene it, ratty. Too perfectly priceless for  
words. And, listen, now do enhance me, oblige my fiancy and  
bear it with you morn till life’s e’en and, of course, when never  
you make usage of it, listen, please kindly think galways again  
or again, never forget, of one absendee not sester Maggy. Ahim.  
That’s the stupidest little cough. Only be sure you don’t catch your  
cold and pass it on to us. And, since levret bounds and larks is  
soaring, don’t be all the night. And this, Joke, a sprig of blue  
speedwell just a spell of floralora so you’ll mind your veronique.  
Of course, Jer, I know you know who sends it, presents that  
please, mercy, on the face of the waters like that film obote,  
awfly charmig of course, but it doesn’t do her justice, apart from  
her cattiness, in the magginbottle. Of course, please too write,  
won’t you, and leave your little bag of doubts, inquisitive, be-  
hind you unto your utterly thine, and, thank you, forward it  
back by return pigeon’s pneu to the loving in case I couldn’t  
think who it was or any funforall happens I’ll be so curiose to  
see in the Homesworth breakfast tablotts as I’ll know etherways  
by pity bleu if it’s good for my system, what exquisite buttons,  
gorgiose, in case I don’t hope to soon hear from you. And thanks  
ever so many for the ten and the one with nothing at all on. I will  
tie a knot in my stringamejip to letter you with my silky paper,  
as I am given now to understand it will be worth my price in  
money one day so don’t trouble to ans unless sentby special as  
I am getting his pay and wants for nothing so I can live simply  
and solely for my wonderful kinkless and its loops of loveliness.  
When I throw away my rollets there’s rings for all. Flee a girl,  
says it is her colour. So does B and L and as for V! And listen  
to it! Cheveluir! So distant you’re always. Bow your boche!  
Absolutely perfect! I will pack my comb and mirror to praxis  
oval owes and artless awes and it will follow you pulpicly%j%

