format: snippet


%ni%mon for ignitious Purpalume to the proper of Francisco Ultramare,  
last of scorchers, third of snows, in terrorgammons howdydos.  
Here she’s, is a bell, that’s wares in heaven, virginwhite, Undetri-  
gesima, vikissy manonna. Doremon’s! The same or similar to be  
kindly observed within the affianced dietcess of Gay O’Toole  
and Gloamy Gwenn du Lake (Danish spoken!) from Manducare  
Monday up till farrier’s siesta in china dominos. Words taken in  
triumph, my sweet assistance, from the sufferant pen of our joco-  
sus inkerman militant of the reed behind the ear.

Never miss your lostsomewhere mass for the couple in Myles  
you butrose to brideworship. Never hate mere pork which is bad  
for your knife of a good friday. Never let a hog of the howth  
trample underfoot your linen of Killiney. Never play lady’s game  
for the Lord’s stake. Never lose your heart away till you win his  
diamond back. Make a strong point of never kicking up your  
rumpus over the scroll end of sofas in the Dar Bey Coll Cafeteria  
by tootling risky apropos songs at commercial travellers’ smokers  
for their Columbian nights entertainments the like of White limbs  
they never stop teasing or Minxy was a Manxmaid when Murry  
wor a Man. And, by the bun, is it you goes bisbuiting His Esaus  
and Cos and then throws them bag in the box? Why the tin’s  
nearly empty. First thou shalt not smile. Twice thou shalt not  
love. Lust, thou shalt not commix idolatry. Hip confiners help  
compunction. Never park your brief stays in the men’s con-  
venience. Never clean your buttoncups with your dirty pair of  
sassers. Never ask his first person where’s your quickest cut to  
our last place. Never let the promising hand usemake free of  
your oncemaid sacral. The soft side of the axe! A coil of cord, a  
colleen coy, a blush on a bush turned first man’s laughter into  
wailful moither. O foolish cuppled! Ah, dice’s error! Never dip  
in the ern while you’ve browsers on your suite. Never slip the  
silver key through your gate of golden age. Collide with man,  
collude with money. Ere you sail foreget my prize. Where you  
truss be circumspicious and look before you leak, dears. Never  
christen medlard apples till a swithin is in sight. Wet your thistle  
where a weed is and you’ll rue it, despyneedis. Especially beware%j%

