format: snippet


%ni%ing over me that is put upon me from on high out of the book of  
breedings and so as it is becoming hairydittary I have of coerce  
nothing in view to look forward at unless it is Swann and beat-  
ing the blindquarters out of my oldfellow’s orologium oloss olo-  
rium. A bad attack of maggot it feels like. ’Tis trope, custodian  
said. Almost might I say of myself, while keeping out of crime,  
I am now becoming about fed up be going circulating about them  
new hikler’s highways like them nameless souls, ercked and skorned  
and grizzild all over, till it’s rusty October in this bleak forest  
and was veribally complussed by thinking of the crater of some  
noted volcano or the Dublin river or the catchalot trouth subsi-  
as away out or to isolate i from my multiple Mes on the  
spits of Lumbage Island or bury meself, clogs, coolcellar and all,  
deep in my wineupon ponteen unless Morrissey’s colt could help  
me or the gander maybe at 49 as it is a tithe fish so it is, this  
pig’s stomach business, and where on dearth or in the miraculous  
meddle of this expending umniverse to turn since it came into  
my hands I am hopeless off course to be doing anything con-  
cerning.
%—%We expect you are, honest Shaun, we agreed, but from  
franking machines, limricked, that in the end it may well turn out,  
we hear to be you, our belated, who will bear these open letter.  
Speak to us of Emailia.
%—%As, Shaun replied patly, with tootlepick tact too and a  
down of his dampers, to that I have the gumpower and, by the  
benison of Barbe, that is a lock to say with everything, my be-  
loved.
%—%Would you mind telling us, Shaun honey, beg little big  
moreboy, we proposed to such a dear youth, where mostly are  
you able to work. Ah, you might! Whimper and we shall.
%—%Here! Shaun replied, while he was fondling one of his  
cowheel cuffs. There’s no sabbath for nomads and I mostly was  
able to walk, being too soft for work proper, sixty odd eilish  
mires a week between three masses a morn and two chaplets at  
eve. I am always telling those pedestriasts, my answerers, Top,  
Sid and Hucky, now (and it is a veriest throth as the thieves’ re-%j%

