format: snippet


%ni%of gravitates. Let him be Artalone the Weeps with his parisites  
peeling off him I’ll be Highfee the Crackasider. Flunkey Footle  
furloughed foul, writing off his phoney, but Conte Carme makes  
the melody that mints the money. Ad majorem l.s.d.! Divi gloriam.  
A darkener of the threshold. Haru? Orimis, capsizer of his ant-  
boat, sekketh rede from Evil-it-is, lord of loaves in Amongded.  
Be it! So be it! Thou-who-thou-art, the fleet-as-spindhrift,  
impfang thee of mine wideheight. Haru!

The thing pleased him andt, and andt,  
He larved ond he larved on he merd such a nauses  
The Gracehoper feared he would mixplace his fauces.  
I forgive you, grondt Ondt, said the Gracehoper, weeping,  
For their sukes of the sakes you are safe in whose keeping.  
Teach Floh and Luse polkas, show Bienie where’s sweet  
And be sure Vespatilla fines fat ones to heat.  
As I once played the piper I must now pay the count  
So saida to Moyhammlet and marhaba to your Mount!  
Let who likes lump above so what flies be a full ’un;  
I could not feel moregruggy if this was prompollen.  
I pick up your reproof, the horsegift of a friend,  
For the prize of your save is the price of my spend.  
Can castwhores pulladeftkiss if oldpollocks forsake ’em  
Or Culex feel etchy if Pulex don’t wake him?  
A locus to loue, a term it t’embarass,  
These twain are the twins that tick Homo Vulgaris.  
Has Aquileone nort winged to go syf  
Since the Gwyfyn we were in his farrest drewbryf  
And that Accident Man not beseeked where his story ends  
Since longsephyring sighs sought heartseast for their orience?  
We are Wastenot with Want, precondamned, two and true,  
Till Nolans go volants and Bruneyes come blue.  
Ere those gidflirts now gadding you quit your mocks for my gropes  
An extense must impull, an elapse must elopes,  
Of my tectucs takestock, tinktact, and ail’s weal;  
As I view by your farlook hale yourself to my heal.%j%

