format: snippet


%ni%and suspended, and placed in irons into some drapyery institution  
off the antipopees for wordsharping only if he was klanver enough  
to pass the panel fleischcurers and the fieldpost censor. Gach!  
For that is a fullblown fact and well celibated before the four  
divorce courts and all the King’s paunches, how he has the  
solitary from seeing Scotch snakes and has a lowsense for the pro-  
duction of consumption and dalickey cyphalos on his brach  
premises where he can purge his contempt and dejeunerate into a  
skillyton be thinking himself to death. Rot him! Flannelfeet! Flatty-  
ro! I will describe you in a word. Thou. (I beg your pardon.)  
Homo! Then putting his bedfellow on me! (like into mike and  
nick onto post). The criniman: I’ll give it to him for that! Making  
the lobbard change hisstops, as we say in the long book! Is he  
on whosekeeping or are my! Obnoximost posthumust! With his  
unique hornbook and his prince of the apauper’s pride, blunder-  
ing all over the two worlds! If he waits till I buy him a mossel-  
man’s present! Ho’s nos halfcousin of mine, pigdish! Nor wants  
to! I’d famish with the cuistha first. Aham!
%—%May we petition you, Shaun illustrious, then, to put his  
prentis’ pride in your aproper’s purse and to unravel in your own  
sweet way with words of style to your very and most obse-  
quient, we suggested, with yet an esiop’s foible, as to how?
%—%Well it is partly my own, isn’t it? and you may, ought and  
welcome, Shaun replied, taking at the same time, as his hunger  
got the bitter of him, a hearty bite out of the honeycomb of his  
Braham and Melosedible hat, tryone, tryon and triune. Ann wun-  
kum. Sure, I thunkum you knew all about that, honorey causes,  
through thelemontary channels long agum. Sure, that is as old as  
the Baden bees of Saint Dominoc’s and as commonpleas now to  
allus pueblows and bunkum as Nelson his trifulgurayous pillar.  
However. Let me see, do. Beerman’s bluff was what begun it, Old  
Knoll and his borrowing! And then the liliens of the veldt, Nancy  
Nickies and Folletta Lajambe! Then mem and hem and the jaque-  
jack. All about Wucherer and righting his name for him. I regret  
to announce, after laying out his litterery bed, for two days she  
kept squealing down for noisy priors and bawling out to her%j%

