format: snippet


%ni%cup of scald! You could trot a mouse on it. I ingoyed your pick  
of hissing hot luncheon fine, I did, than’ awfully, (sublime!)  
Tenderest bully ever I ate with the boiled protestants (allinoilia  
allinoilia!) only for your peas again was a taste of tooth psalty to  
carry flavour with my godown and hereby return with my best  
savioury condiments and a penny in the plate for the jemes.  
O.K. Oh Kosmos! Ah Ireland! A.I. And for kailkannonkabbis  
gimme Cincinnatis with Italian (but ci vuol poco!) ciccalick cheese,  
Haggis good, haggis strong, haggis never say die! For quid we  
have recipimus, recipe, O lout! And save that, Oliviero, for thy  
sunny day! Soupmeagre! Couldn’t look at it! But if you’ll buy me  
yon coat of the vairy furry best, I’ll try and pullll it awn mee. It’s in  
fairly good order and no doubt ’twill sarve to turn. Remove this  
boardcloth! Next stage, tell the tabler, for a variety of Hugue-  
not ligooms I’ll try my set on edges grapeling an aigrydoucks,  
grilled over birchenrods, with a few bloomancowls in albies.  
I want to get outside monasticism. Mass and meat mar no man’s  
journey. Eat a missal lest. Nuts for the nerves, a flitch for the flue  
and for to rejoice the chambers of the heart the spirits of the  
spice isles, curry and cinnamon, chutney and cloves. All the vital-  
mines is beginning to sozzle in chewn and the hormonies to  
clingleclangle, fudgem, kates and eaps and naboc and erics and  
oinnos on kingclud and xoxxoxo and xooxox xxoxoxxoxxx till  
I’m fustfed like fungstif and very presently from now posthaste  
it’s off yourll see me ryuoll on my usual rounds again to draw  
Terminus Lower and Killadown and Letternoosh, Letterspeak,  
Lettermuck to Littorananima and the roomiest house even in  
Ireland, if you can understamp that, and my next item’s platform  
it’s how I’ll try and collect my extraprofessional postages owing  
to me by Thaddeus Kellyesque Squire, dr, for nondesirable  
printed matter. The Jooks and the Kelly-Cooks have been  
milking turnkeys and sucking the blood out of the marshalsea  
since the act of First Offenders. But I know what I’ll do. Great  
pains off him I’ll take and that’ll be your redletterday calendar,  
window machree! I’ll knock it out of him! I’ll stump it out of  
him! I’ll rattattatter it out of him before I’ll quite the doorstep of%j%

