format: snippet


%ni%logical past, making so smell partaking myself to confess abiding  
clean tumbluponing yous octopods, mouthspeech allno finger-  
force, owning my mansuetude before him attaching Audeon’s  
prostratingwards mine sore accompanying my thrain tropps  
offering meye eyesalt, what I (the person whomin I now am) did  
not do, how he to say essied anding how he was making errand  
andanding how he all locutey sunt, why did you, my sexth best  
friend, blabber always you would be so delated to back me, then  
ersed irredent, toppling Humphrey hugging Nephew, old begge-  
laut, designing such post sitting his night office? Annexing then,  
producing Saint Momuluius, you snub around enclosing your  
moving motion touching the other catachumens continuing say  
providing append of signature quoniam you will celebrand my  
dirthdags quoniam, concealed a concealer, I am twosides uppish,  
a mockbelief insulant, ending none meer hyber irish. Well, chunk  
your dimned chink, before avtokinatown, forasmuch as many  
have tooken in hand to, I may as well humbly correct that ves-  
pian now in case of temporalities. I’ve my pockets full comeplay  
of you laycreated cardonals, ap rince, ap rowler, ap rancer, ap  
rowdey! Improperial! I saved you fore of the Hekkites and you  
loosed me hind bland Harry to the burghmote of Aud Dub. I  
teachet you in fair time, my elders, the W.X.Y.Z. and P.Q.R.S. of  
legatine powers and you, Ailbey and Ciardeclan, I learn, episcop-  
ing me altogether, circumdeditioned me. I brought you from the  
loups of Lazary and you have remembered my lapsus langways.  
Washywatchywataywatashy! Oirasesheorebukujibun! Wata-  
cooshy lot! Mind of poison is. That time thing think! Honorific  
remembrance to spit humble makes. My ruridecanal caste is a cut  
above you peregrines. Aye vouchu to rumanescu. See the leabhour  
of my generations! Has not my master, Theophrastius Spheropneu-  
maticus, written that the spirit is from the upper circle? I’m of the  
ochlocracy with Prestopher Palumbus and Porvus Parrio. Soa  
koa Kelly Terry per Chelly Derry lepossette. Ho look at my  
jailbrand Exquovis and sequencias High marked on me fake-  
similar in the foreign by Pappagallus and Pumpusmugnus:  
ahem! Anglicey: Eggs squawfish lean yoe nun feed marecurious.%j%

