format: snippet


%ni%pence, some rhino, rhine, O joyoust rhine, was handled over spon-  
daneously by me (and bundle end to my illwishers’ Miss Anders!  
she woor her wraith of ruins the night she lost I left!) in the ligname  
of Mr van Howten of Tredcastles, Clowntalkin, timbreman, among  
my prodigits nabobs and navious of every subscription entitled  
the Bois in the Boscoor, our evicted tenemants. What I say is (and  
I am noen roehorn or culkilt permit me to tell you, if uninformed),  
I never spont it. Nor have I the ghuest of innation on me the way  
to. It is my rule so. It went anyway like hot pottagebake. And  
this brings me to my fresh point. Quoniam, I am as plain as  
portable enveloped, inhowmuch, you will now parably receive,  
care of one of Mooseyeare Goonness’s registered andouterthus  
barrels. Quick take um whiffat andrainit. Now!
%—%So vi et! we responded. Song! Shaun, song! Have mood!  
Hold forth!
%—%I apologuise, Shaun began, but I would rather spinooze  
you one from the grimm gests of Jacko and Esaup, fable one,  
feeble too. Let us here consider the casus, my dear little cousis  
(husstenhasstencaffincoffintussemtossemdamandamnacosaghcusa-  
ghhobixhatouxpeswchbechoscashlcarcarcaract) of the Ondt and  
the Gracehoper.

The Gracehoper was always jigging ajog, hoppy on akkant  
of his joyicity, (he had a partner pair of findlestilts to supplant  
him), or, if not, he was always making ungraceful overtures to  
Floh and Luse and Bienie and Vespatilla to play pupa-pupa and  
pulicy-pulicy and langtennas and pushpygyddyum and to com-  
mence insects with him, there mouthparts to his orefice and his  
gambills to there airy processes, even if only in chaste, ameng  
the everlistings, behold a waspering pot. He would of curse  
melissciously, by his fore feelhers, flexors, contractors, depres-  
sors and extensors, lamely, harry me, marry me, bury me, bind  
me, till she was puce for shame and allso fourmish her in Spin-  
ner’s housery at the earthsbest schoppinhour so summery as his  
cottage, which was cald fourmillierly Tingsomingenting, groped  
up. Or, if he was always striking up funny funereels with Bester-  
farther Zeuts, the Aged One, With all his wigeared corollas, albe-%j%

