format: snippet


%ni%Partiprise my thinwhins whiles my blink points unbroken on  
Your whole’s whercabroads with Tout’s trightyright token on.  
My in risible universe youdly haud find  
Sulch oxtrabeeforeness meat soveal behind.  
Your feats end enormous, your volumes immense,  
(May the Graces I hoped for sing your Ondtship song sense!),  
Your genus its worldwide, your spacest sublime!  
But, Holy Saltmartin, why can’t you beat time?

In the name of the former and of the latter and of their holo-  
caust. Allmen.
%—%Now? How good you are in explosition! How farflung is  
your fokloire and how velktingeling your volupkabulary! Qui  
vive sparanto qua muore contanto. O foibler, O flip, you’ve that  
wandervogl wail withyin! It falls easily upon the earopen and goes  
down the friskly shortiest like treacling tumtim with its tingting-  
taggle. The blarneyest blather in all Corneywall! But could you,  
of course, decent Lettrechaun, we knew (to change your name of  
not your nation) while still in the barrel, read the strangewrote  
anaglyptics of those shemletters patent for His Christian’s Em?
%—%Greek! Hand it to me! Shaun replied, plosively pointing to  
the cinnamon quistoquill behind his acoustrolobe. I’m as after-  
dusk nobly Roman as pope and water could christen me. Look  
at that for a ridingpin! I am, thing Sing Larynx, letter potent to  
play the sem backwards like Oscan wild or in shunt Persse trans-  
luding from the Otherman or off the Toptic or anything off the  
types of my finklers in the draught or with buttles, with my oyes  
thickshut and all. But, hellas, it is harrobrew bad on the corns and  
callouses. As far as that goes I associate myself with your remark  
just now from theodicy re’furloined notepaper and quite agree in  
your prescriptions for indeed I am, pay Gay, in juxtaposition to  
say it is not a nice production. It is a pinch of scribble, not  
wortha bottle of cabbis. Overdrawn! Puffedly offal tosh! Be-  
sides its auctionable, all about crime and libel! Nothing beyond  
clerical horrors et omnibus` to be entered for the foreign as second-  
class matter. The fuellest filth ever fired since Charley Lucan’s.%j%

