format: snippet


%ni%sole and myopper must hereupon part company. So for e’er fare  
thee welt! Parting’s fun. Take thou, the wringle’s thine, love.  
This dime doth trost thee from mine alms. Goodbye, swisstart,  
goodbye! Haugh! Haugh! Sure, treasures, a letterman does be  
often thought reading ye between lines that do have no sense at  
all. I sign myself. With much leg. Inflexibly yours. Ann Posht  
the Shorn. To be continued. Huck!

Something of a sidesplitting nature must have occurred to  
westminstrel Jaunathaun for a grand big blossy hearty stenor-  
ious laugh (even Drudge that lay doggo thought feathers fell)  
hopped out of his wooly’s throat like a ball lifted over the  
head of a deep field, at the bare thought of how jolly they’d like  
to be trolling his whoop and all of them truetotypes in missam-  
men massness were just starting to spladher splodher with the  
jolly magorios, hicky hecky hock, huges huges huges, hughy  
hughy hughy, O Jaun, so jokable and so geepy, O, (Thou pure!  
Our virgin! Thou holy! Our health! Thou strong! Our victory!  
O salutary! Sustain our firm solitude, thou who thou well  
strokest! Hear, Hairy ones! We have sued thee but late. Beauty  
parlous!) when suddenly (how like a woman!), swifter as mer-  
cury he wheels right round starnly on the Rizzies suddenly, with  
his gimlets blazing rather sternish (how black like thunder!), to  
see what’s loose. So they stood still and wondered. Till first he  
sighed (and how ill soufered!) and they nearly cried (the salt of  
the earth!) after which he pondered and finally he replied:
%—%There is some thing more. A word apparting and shall the  
heart’s tone be silent. Engagements, I’ll beseal you! Fare thee  
well, fairy well! All I can tell you is this, my sorellies. It’s prayers  
in layers all the thumping time, begor, the young gloria’s gang  
voices the old doxologers, in the suburrs of the heavenly gardens,  
once we shall have passed, after surceases, all serene through  
neck and necklike Derby and June to our snug eternal retribu-  
tion’s reward (the scorchhouse). Shunt us! shunt us! shut us!  
If you want to be felixed come and be parked. Sacred ease there!  
The seanad and pobbel queue’s remainder. To it, to it! Seekit  
headup! No petty family squabbles Up There nor homemade%j%

