format: snippet


Now, there were as many as twentynine hedge daughters out  
of Benent Saint Berched’s national nightschool (for they seemed  
to remember how it was still a once-upon-a-four year) learning  
their antemeridian lesson of life, under its tree, against its warn-  
ing, beseated, as they were, upon the brinkspondy, attracted to  
the rarerust sight of the first human yellowstone landmark (the  
bear, the boer, the king of all boors, sir Humphrey his knave  
we met on the moors!) while they paddled away, keeping time  
magnetically with their eight and fifty pedalettes, playing foolu-  
fool jouay allo misto posto, O so jaonickally, all barely in their  
typtap teens, describing a charming dactylogram of nocturnes  
though repelled by the snores of the log who looked stuck to  
the sod as ever and oft, when liquefied, (vil!) he murmoaned  
abasourdly in his Dutchener’s native, visibly unmoved, over his  
treasure trove for the crown: Dotter dead bedstead mean diggy  
smuggy flasky!

Jaun (after he had in the first place doffed a hat with a rein-  
forced crown and bowed to all the others in that chorus of praise  
of goodwill girls on their best beehiviour who all they were girls  
all rushing sowarmly for the post as buzzy as sie could bie to read  
his kisshands, kittering all about, rushing and making a tremen-  
dous girlsfuss over him pellmale, their jeune premier and his rosy-  
posy smile, mussing his frizzy hair and the golliwog curls of him,  
all, but that one; Finfria’s fairest, done in loveletters like a trayful  
of cloudberry tartlets (ain’t they fine, mighty, mighty fine and  
honoured?) and smilingly smelling, pair and pair about, broad  
by bread and slender to slimmer, the nice perfumios that came  
cunvy peeling off him (nice!) which was angelic simply, savouring  
of wild thyme and parsley jumbled with breadcrumbs (O nice!)  
and feeling his full fat pouch for him so tactily and jingaling  
his jellybags for, though he looked a young chapplie of sixtine,  
they could frole by his manhood that he was just the killingest  
ladykiller all by kindness, now you, Jaun, asking kindlily (hillo,  
missies!) after their howareyous at all with those of their dolly-  
begs (and where’s Agatha’s lamb? and how are Bernadetta’s  
columbillas? and Juliennaw’s tubberbunnies? and Eulalina’s%j%

