format: snippet


%ni%multipede like the sands on Amberhann! Sevenheavens, O heaven!  
Iy waount yiou! yore ways to melittleme were wonderful so  
Ickam purseproud in sending uym loveliest pansiful thoughts  
touching me dash in-you through wee dots Hyphen, the so  
pretty arched godkin of beddingnights. If I’ve proved to your  
sallysfashion how I’m a man of Armor let me so, let me sue, let  
me see your isabellis. How I shall, should I survive, as, please the  
uniter of U.M.I. hearts, I am living in hopes to do, replacing  
mig wandering handsup in yawers so yeager for mitch, positively  
cover the two pure chicks of your comely plumpchake with  
zuccherikissings, hong, kong, and so gong, that I’d scare the bats  
out of the ivfry one of those puggy mornings, honestly, by my  
rantandog and daddyoak I will, become come coming when,  
upon the mingling of our meeting waters, wish to wisher, like  
massive mountains to part no more, you will there and then, in  
those happy moments of ouryour soft accord, rainkiss on me  
back, for full marks with shouldered arms, and in that united  
I.R.U. stade, when I come (touf! touf!) wildflier’s fox into my  
own greengeese again, swap sweetened smugs, six of one for half  
a dozen of the other, till they’ll bet we’re the cuckoo derby  
when cherries next come back to Ealing as come they must, as  
they musted in their past, as they must for my pressing season,  
as hereinafter must they chirrywill immediately suant on my  
safe return to ignorance and bliss in my horseless Coppal Poor,  
through suirland and noreland, kings country and queens, with  
my ropes of pearls for gamey girls the way ye’ll hardly. Knowme.

Slim ye, come slum with me and rally rats’ roundup! ’Tis  
post purification we will, sales of work and social service,  
missus, completing our Abelite union by the adoptation of  
fosterlings. Embark for Euphonia! Up Murphy, Henson and  
O’Dwyer, the Warchester Warders! I’ll put in a shirt time  
if you’ll get through your shift and between us in our shared  
slaves, brace to brassiere and shouter to shunter, we’ll pull off our  
working programme. Come into the garden guild and be free  
of the gape athome! We’ll circumcivicise all Dublin country.  
Let us, the real Us, all ignite in our prepurgatory grade as apos-%j%

