format: snippet


%ni%angry boils with certain references to the Deity, seeking relief  
in alcohol and so on, general omnibus character with a dash of  
railwaybrain, stale cough and an occasional twinge of claudication,  
having his favourite fecundclass family of upwards of a decade,  
both harefoot and loadenbrogued, to boot and buy off, Imean.

So let it be a knuckle or an elbow, I hereby admonish you!  
It may all be topping fun but it’s tip and run and touch and flow  
for every whack when Marie stopes Phil fluther’s game to go.  
Arms arome, side aside, face into the wall. To the tumble of the  
toss tot the trouble of the swaddled, O. And lest there be no  
misconception, Miss Forstowelsy, over who to fasten the plight-  
forlifer on (threehundred and thirty three to one on Rue the  
Day!) when the nice little smellar squalls in his crydle what the  
dirty old bigger’ll be squealing through his coughin you better  
keep in the gunbarrel straight around vokseburst as I recommence  
you to (you gypseyeyed baggage, do you hear what I’m praying?)  
or, Gash, without butthering my head to assortail whose stroke  
forced or which struck backly, I’ll be all over you myselx hori-  
zontally, as the straphanger said, for knocking me with my name  
and yourself and your babybag down at such a greet sacrifice with  
a rap of the gavel to a third price cowhandler as cheap as the nig-  
gerd’s dirt (for sale!) or I’ll smack your fruitflavoured jujube lips  
well for you, so I will well for you, if you don’t keep a civil tongue  
in your pigeonhouse. The pleasures of love lasts but a fleeting but  
the pledges of life outlusts a lieftime. I’ll have it in for you. I’ll  
teach you bed minners, tip for tap, to be playing your oddaugghter  
tangotricks with micky dazzlers if I find corsehairs on your  
river-frock and the squirmside of your burberry lupitally covered  
with chiffchaff and shavings. Up Rosemiry Lean and Potanasty  
Rod you wos, wos you? I overstand you, you understand. Ask-  
ing Annybettyelsas to carry your parcels and you dreaming of  
net glory. You’ll ging naemaer wi’Wolf the Ganger. Cutting  
chapel, were you? and had dates with slickers in particular  
hotels, had we? Lonely went to play your mother, isod? You was  
wiffriends? Hay, dot’s a doll yarn! Mark mean then! I’ll homeseek  
you, Luperca as sure as there’s a palatine in Limerick and in%j%

