format: snippet


%ni%thanks to force of destiny, my selary as a paykelt is propaired,  
and there is a peg under me and there is a tum till me.

To the Very Honourable The Memory of Disgrace, the Most  
Noble, Sometime Sweepyard at the Service of the Writer. Salu-  
tem dicint. The just defunct Mrs Sanders who (the Loyd insure  
her!) I was shift and shuft too, with her shester Mrs Shunders,  
both mudical dauctors from highschoolhorse and aslyke as  
Easther’s leggs. She was the niceliest person of a wellteached non-  
party woman that I ever acquired her letters, only too fat, used  
to babies and tottydean verbish this is her entertermentdags for  
she shuk the bottle and tuk the medascene all times a day. She  
was well under ninety, poor late Mrs, and had tastes of the poetics,  
me having stood the pilgarlick a fresh at sea when the moon also  
was standing in a corner of sweet Standerson my ski. P.L.M  
Mevrouw von Andersen was her whogave me a muttonbrooch,  
stakkers for her begfirst party. Honour thy farmer and my lit-  
ters. This, my tears, is my last will intesticle wrote off in the  
strutforit about their absent female assauciations which I, or per-  
haps any other person what squaton a toffette, have the honour  
to had upon their polite sophykussens in the real presence of de-  
vouted Mrs Grumby when her skin was exposed to the air. O  
what must the grief of my mund be for two little ptpt coolies  
worth twenty thousand quad herewitdnessed with both’s  
maddlemass wishes to Pepette for next match from their dearly  
beloved Roggers, M.D.D. O.D. May doubling drop of drooght!  
Writing.
%—%Hopsoloosely kidding you are totether with your cadenus  
and goat along nose how we shall complete that white paper.  
Two venusstas! Biggerstiff! Qweer but gaon! Be trouz and  
wholetrouz! Otherwise, frank Shaun, we pursued, what would  
be the autobiography of your softbodied fumiform?
%—%Hooraymost! None whomsoever, Shaun replied, Heavenly  
blank! (he had intentended and was peering now rather close to  
the paste of his rubiny winklering) though it ought to be more  
or less rawcawcaw romantical. By the wag, how is Mr Fry? All  
of it, I might say, in ex-voto, pay and perks and wooden half-%j%

