format: snippet


%ni%dolly farting, in vestments of subdominal poteen at prime cost  
and I bait you my chancey oldcoat against the whole ounce you  
half on your backboard (if madamaud strips mesdamines may  
cold strafe illglands!) that I’m the gogetter that’d make it pay like  
cash registers as sure as there’s a pot on a pole. And, what with one  
man’s fish and a dozen men’s poissons, sowing my wild plums to  
reap ripe plentihorns mead, lashings of erbole and hydromel and  
bragget, I’d come out with my magic fluke in close time, fair,  
free and frolicky, zooming tophole on the mart as a factor. And  
I tell you the Bective’s wouldn’t hold me. By the unsleeping  
Solman Annadromus, ye god of little pescies, nothing would  
stop me for mony makes multimony like the brogues and the  
kishes. Not the Ulster Rifles and the Cork Milice and the Dublin  
Fusees and Connacht Rangers ensembled! I’d axe the channon  
and leip a liffey and drink annyblack water that rann onme way.  
Yip! How’s thats for scats, mine shatz, for a lovebird? To funk is  
only peternatural its daring feers divine. Bebold! Like Varian’s  
balaying all behind me. And before you knew where you  
weren’t, I stake my ignitial’s divy, cash-and-cash-can-again, I’d  
be staggering humanity and loyally rolling you over, my sow-  
white sponse, in my tons of red clover, nighty nigh to the metro-  
nome, fiehigh and fiehigher and fiehighest of all. Holy petter and  
pal, I’d spoil you altogether, my sumptuous Sheila! Mumm all  
to do brut frull up fizz and unpop a few shortusians or shake a  
pale of sparkling ice, hear it swirl, happy girl! Not a spot of my  
hide but you’d love to seek and scanagain! There’d be no stand-  
ing me, I tell you. And, as gameboy as my pagan name K.C. is  
what it is, I’d never say let fly till we shot that blissup and  
swumped each other, manawife, into our sever nevers where I’d  
plant you, my Gizzygay, on the electric ottoman in the lap of  
lechery, simpringly stitchless with admiracion, among the most  
uxuriously furnished compartments, with sybarate chambers, just  
as I’d run my shoestring into near a million or so of them as a  
firstclass dealer and everything. Only for one thing that, how-  
over famiksed I would become, I’d he awful anxious, you under-  
stand, about shoepisser pluvious and in assideration of the terrible%j%

