format: snippet


%ni%You’ve surpassed yourself! Be introduced to yes! This is me aunt  
Julia Bride, your honour, dying to have you languish to scan-  
dal in her bosky old delltangle. You don’t reckoneyes him? He’s  
Jackot the Horner who boxed in his corner, jilting no fewer than  
three female bribes. That’s his penals. Shervorum! You haven’t  
seen her since she stepped into her drawoffs. Come on, spinister,  
do your stuff! Don’t be shoy, husbandmanvir! Weih, what’s on  
you, wip? Up the shamewaugh! She has plenty of woom in the  
smallclothes for the bothsforus, nephews push! Hatch yourself  
well! Enjombyourselves thurily! Would you wait biss she buds  
till you bite on her? Embrace her bashfully by almeans at my  
frank incensive and tell her in your semiological agglutinative yez,  
how Idos be asking after her. Let us be holy and evil and let her  
be peace on the bough. Sure, she fell in line with our tripertight  
photos as the lyonised mails when we were stablelads together  
like the corks again brothers, hungry and angry, cavileer  
grace by roundhered force, or like boyrun to sibster, me and  
you, shinners true and pinchme, our tertius quiddus, that never  
talked or listened. Always raving how we had the wrinkles of  
a snailcharmer and the slits and sniffers of a fellow that fell foul  
of the county de Loona and the meattrap of the first vegetarian.  
To be had for the asking. Have a hug! Take her out of poor  
tuppeny luck before she goes off in pure treple licquidance. I’d  
give three shillings a pullet to the canon for the conjugation to  
shadow you kissing her from me leberally all over as if she was a  
crucifix. It’s good for her bilabials, you understand. There’s no-  
thing like the mistletouch for finding a queen’s earring false.  
Chink chink. As the curly bard said after kitchin the womn in  
his hym to the hum of her garments. You try a little tich to the  
tissle of his tail. The racist to the racy, rossy. The soil is for the  
self alone. Be ownkind. Be kithkinish. Be bloodysibby. Be irish.  
Be inish. Be offalia. Be hamlet. Be the property plot. Be Yorick;  
and Lankystare. Be cool. Be mackinamucks of yourselves. Be  
finish. No martyr where the preature is there’s no plagues like  
rome. It gives up the gripes. Watch the swansway. Take your  
tiger over it. The leady on the lake and the convict of the forest.%j%

