format: snippet


%ni%Sagart can self laud nilobstant to Lowman Catlick’s patrician  
morning coat of arms with my High tripenniferry cresta and  
caudal mottams: Itch dean: which Gaspey, Otto and Sauer, he  
renders: echo stay so! Addressing eat or not eat body Yours  
am. And, Mind, praisegad, is the first praisonal Egoname Yod  
heard boissboissy in Moy Bog’s domesday. Hastan the vista! Or  
in alleman: Suck at!
%—%Suck it yourself, sugarstick! Misha, Yid think whose was  
asking to luckat your sore toe or to taste your gaspy, hot and  
sour! Ichthyan! Hegvat tosser! Gags be plebsed! Between his  
voyous and her consinnantes! Thugg, Dirke and Hacker with  
Rose Lankester and Blanche Yorke! Are we speachin d’anglas  
landadge or are you sprakin sea Djoytsch? Oy soy, Bleseyblasey,  
where to go is knowing remain? Become quantity that discourse  
bothersome when what do? Knowing remain? Come back, baddy  
wrily, to Bullydamestough! Cum him, buddy rowly, with me!  
What about your thruppenny croucher of an old fellow, me boy,  
through the ages, tell us, eh? What about Brian’s the Vauntand-  
onlieme, Master Monk, eh, eh, Spira in Me Domino, spear me  
Doyne! Fat prize the bonafide peachumpidgeonlover, eh, eh,  
eh, esquire earwugs, escusado, of Jenkins’ Area, with his I’ve Ivy  
under his tangue and the hohallo to his dullaphone, before there  
was a sound in the world? How big was his boost friend and be  
shanghaied to him? The swaaber! The twicer, trifoaled in Wan-  
stable! Loud’s curse to him! If you hored him outerly as we  
harum lubberintly, from morning rice till nightmale, with his  
drums and bones and hums in drones your innereer’d heerdly  
heer he. Ho ha hi he hung! Tsing tsing!
%—%Me no angly mo, me speakee Yellman’s lingas. Nicey Doc  
Mistel Lu, please! Me no pigey ludiments all same numpa one  
Topside Tellmastoly fella. Me pigey savvy a singasong anothel  
time. Pleasie, Mista Lukie Walkie! Josadam cowbelly maam  
belongame shepullamealahmalong, begolla, Jackinaboss belonga-  
she; plentymuch boohoomeo.
%—%Hell’s Confucium and the Elements! Tootoo moohootch!  
Thot’s never the postal cleric, checking chinchin chat with nip-%j%

