format: snippet


%ni%pressdom. Apply your five wits to the four verilatest. The Arsdi-  
ken’s An Traitey on Miracula or Viewed to Death by a Priest  
Hunter is still first in the field despite the castle bar, William  
Archer’s a rompan good cathalogue and he’ll give you a riser on  
the route to our nazional labronry. Skim over Through Hell  
with the Papes (mostly boys) by the divine comic Denti Alligator  
(exsponging your index) and find a quip in a quire arisus aream  
from bastardtitle to fatherjohnson. Swear aloud by pious fiction  
the like of Lentil Lore by Carnival Cullen or that Percy Wynns  
of our S. J. Finn’s or Pease in Plenty by the Curer of Wars,  
licensed and censered by our most picturesque prelates, Their  
Graces of Linzen and Petitbois, bishops of Hibernites, licet ut  
lebanus, for expansion on the promises, the two best sells on the  
market this luckiest year, set up by Gill the father, put out by Gill  
the son and circulating disimally at Gillydehooly’s Cost. Strike up  
a nodding acquaintance for our doctrine with the works of old  
Mrs Trot, senior, and Manoel Canter, junior, and Loper de Figas,  
nates maximum. I used to follow Mary Liddlelambe’s flitsy tales,  
espicially with the scentaminted sauce. Sifted science will do your  
arts good. Egg Laid by Former Cock and With Flageolettes in Send  
Fanciesland. Chiefly girls. Trip over sacramental tea into the long  
lives of our saints and saucerdotes, with vignettes, cut short into  
instructual primers by those in authority for the bittermint of your  
soughts. Forfet not the palsied. Light a match for poor old  
Contrabally and send some balmoil for the schizmatics. A hemd  
in need is aye a friendly deed. Remember, maid, thou dust art  
powder but Cinderella thou must return (what are you robbing  
her sleeve for, Ruby? And pull in your tongue, Polly!). Cog that  
out of your teen times, everyone. The lad who brooks no  
breaches lifts the lass that toffs a tailor. How dare ye be laughing  
out of your mouthshine at the lack of that? Keep cool your fresh  
chastity which is far better far. Sooner than part with that vesta-  
lite emerald of the first importance, descended to me by far from  
our family, which you treasure up so closely where extremes  
meet, nay, mozzed lesmended, rather let the whole ekumene  
universe belong to merry Hal and do whatever his Mary well%j%

