format: snippet


%ni%tant, penetrant, siphonopterous spuk. Grausssssss! Opr!  
Grausssssss! Opr!

The Gracehoper who, though blind as batflea, yet knew, not  
a leetle beetle, his good smetterling of entymology asped niss-  
unitimost lous nor liceens but promptly tossed himself in the  
vico, phthin and phthir, on top of his buzzer, tezzily wondering  
wheer would his aluck alight or boss of both appease and the  
next time he makes the aquinatance of the Ondt after this they  
have met themselves, these mouschical umsummables, it shall be  
motylucky if he will beheld not a world of differents. Behailed  
His Gross the Ondt, prostrandvorous upon his dhrone, in his  
Papylonian babooshkees, smolking a spatial brunt of Hosana  
cigals, with unshrinkables farfalling from his unthinkables,  
swarming of himself in his sunnyroom, sated before his com-  
fortumble phullupsuppy of a plate o’monkynous and a confucion  
of minthe (for he was a conformed aceticist and aristotaller), as  
appi as a oneysucker or a baskerboy on the Libido, with Floh  
biting his leg thigh and Luse lugging his luff leg and Bieni bussing  
him under his bonnet and Vespatilla blowing cosy fond tutties  
up the allabroad length of the large of his smalls. As entomate  
as intimate could pinchably be. Emmet and demmet and be jiltses  
crazed and be jadeses whipt! schneezed the Gracehoper, aguepe  
with ptchjelasys and at his wittol’s indts, what have eyeforsight!

The Ondt, that true and perfect host, a spiter aspinne, was  
making the greatest spass a body could with his queens lace-  
swinging for he was spizzing all over him like thingsumanything  
in formicolation, boundlessly blissfilled in an allallahbath of  
houris. He was ameising himself hugely at crabround and mary-  
pose, chasing Floh out of charity and tickling Luse, I hope too,  
and tackling Bienie, faith, as well, and jucking Vespatilla jukely  
by the chimiche. Never did Dorsan from Dunshanagan dance it  
with more devilry! The veripatetic imago of the impossible  
Gracehoper on his odderkop in the myre, after his thrice ephe-  
meral journeeys, sans mantis ne shooshooe, featherweighed  
animule, actually and presumptuably sinctifying chronic’s de-  
spair, was sufficiently and probably coocoo much for his chorous%j%

