format: snippet


%ni%my hostilious by going in by the most holy recitatandas üüüü for  
my varsatile examinations in the ologies, to be a coach on the  
Fukien mission. P? F? How used you learn me, brather  
soboostius, in my augustan days? With cesarella looking on.  
In the beginning was the gest he jousstly says, for the end is  
with woman, flesh-without-word, while the man to be is in a  
worse case after than before since she on the supine satisfies  
the verg to him! Toughtough, tootoological. Thou the first  
person shingeller. Art, an imperfect subjunctive. Paltry,  
flappent, had serious. Miss Smith onamatterpoetic. Hammis-  
andivis axes colles waxes warmas like sodullas. So pick your  
stops with fondnes snow. And mind you twine the twos  
noods of your nicenames. And pull up your furbelovs as far-  
above as you’re farthingales. That’ll hint him how to click the  
trigger. Show you shall and won’t he will! His hearing is in-  
doubting just as my seeing is onbelieving. So dactylise him up  
to blankpoint and let him blink for himself where you speak the  
best ticklish. You’ll feel what I mean. Fond namer, let me never  
see thee blame a kiss for shame a knee!

Echo, read ending! Siparioramoci! But from the stress of  
their sunder enlivening, ay clasp, deciduously, a nikrokosmikon  
must come to mike.
%—%Well, my positively last at any stage! I hate to look at alarms  
but, however they put on my watchcraft, must now close as I  
hereby hear by ear from by seeless socks ’tis time to be up and  
ambling. Mymiddle toe’s mitching, so mizzle I must else ’twill  
sarve me out. Gulp a bulper at parting and the moore the  
melodest! Farewell but whenever, as Tisdall told Toole.  
Tempos fidgets. Let flee me fiacckles, says the grand old mano-  
ark, stormcrested crowcock and undulant hair, hoodies tway!  
Yes, faith, I am as mew let freer, beneath me corthage, bound.  
I’m as bored now bawling beersgrace at sorepaws there as Andrew  
Clays was sharing sawdust with Daniel’s old collie. This shack’s  
not big enough for me now. I’m dreaming of ye, azores. And, re-  
member this, a chorines, there’s the witch on the heath, sistra!  
’Bansheeba peeling hourihaared while her Orcotron is hoaring%j%

