format: snippet


%ni%luftsucks woabling around with the hedrolics in the coold amstop-  
here till the borting that would perish the Dane and his chapter  
of accidents to be atramental to the better half of my alltoolyrical  
health, not considering my capsflap, and that’s the truth now out  
of the cackling bag for truly sure, for another thing, I never could  
tell the leest falsehood that would truthfully give sotisfiction. I’m  
not talking apple sauce eithou. Or up in my hat. I earnst. Schue!

Sissibis dearest, as I was reading to myself not very long ago  
in Tennis Flonnels Mac Courther, his correspondance, besated  
upon my tripos, and just thinking like thauthor how long I’d like  
myself to be continued at Hothelizod, peeking into the focus and  
pecking at thumbnail reveries, pricking up ears to my phono on  
the ground and picking up airs from th’other over th’ether, ’tis  
tramsported with grief I am this night sublime, as you may see  
by my size and my brow that’s all forehead, to go forth, frank  
and hoppy, to the tune the old plow tied off, from our nostorey  
house, upon this benedictine errand but it is historically the most  
glorious mission, secret or profund, through all the annals of our  
%—%as you so often term her%—%efferfreshpainted livy, in beautific  
repose, upon the silence of the dead, from pharoph the nextfirst  
down to ramescheckles the last bust thing. The Vico road goes  
round and round to meet where terms begin. Still onappealed  
to by the cycles and unappalled by the recoursers we feel all  
serene, never you fret, as regards our dutyful cask. Full of my  
breadth from pride I am (breezed be the healthy same!) for ’tis a  
grand thing (superb!) to be going to meet a king, not an every-  
night king, nenni, by gannies, but the overking of Hither-on-  
Thither Erin himself, pardee, I’m saying. Before there was patch  
at all on Ireland there lived a lord at Lucan. We only wish  
everyone was as sure of anything in this watery world as we are  
of everything in the newlywet fellow that’s bound to follow. I’ll  
lay you a guinea for a hayseed now. Tell mother that. And tell  
her tell her old one. ’Twill amuse her.

Well, to the figends of Annanmeses with the wholeabuelish  
business! For I declare to Jeshuam I’m beginning to get sunsick!  
I’m not half Norawain for nothing. The fine ice so temperate%j%

