format: snippet


%ni%I to hear from your strawnummical modesty! Yes, there was  
that skew arch of chrome sweet home, floodlit up above the  
flabberghosted farmament and bump where the camel got the  
needle. Talk about iridecencies! Ruby and beryl and chrysolite,  
jade, sapphire, jasper and lazul.
%—%Orca Bellona! Heavencry at earthcall, etnat athos? Extinct  
your vulcanology for the lava of Moltens!
%—%It’s you not me’s in erupting, hecklar!
%—%Ophiuchus being visible above thorizon, muliercula oc-  
cluded by Satarn’s serpent ring system, the pisciolinnies Nova  
Ardonis and Prisca Parthenopea, are a bonnies feature in the  
northern sky. Ers, Mores and Merkery are surgents below the rim  
of the Zenith Part while Arctura, Anatolia, Hesper and Mesembria  
weep in their mansions over Noth, Haste, Soot and Waste.
%—%Apep and Uachet! Holy snakes, chase me charley, Eva’s  
got barley under her fluencies! The Ural Mount he’s on the  
move and he’ll quivvy her with his strombolo! Waddlewurst,  
the bag of tow, as broad above as he is below! Creeping  
through the liongrass and bullsrusshius, the obesendean, before  
the Emfang de Maurya’s class, in Bill Shasser’s Shotshrift writing  
academy, camouflaged as a blancmange and maple syrop! Obei-  
sance so their sitinins is the follicity of this Orp! Her sheik to  
Slave, his dick to Dave and the fat of the land to Guygas. The  
treadmill pebbledropper haha halfahead overground and she’d  
only chitschats in her spanking bee bonetry, Allapolloosa! Up the  
slanger! Three cheers and a heva heva for the name Dan Magraw!
%—%The giant sun is in his emanence but which is chief of those  
white dwarfees of which he ever is surabanded? And do you think  
T might have being his seventh! He will kitssle me on melbaw.  
What about his age? says you. What about it? says I. I will  
confess to his sins and blush me further. I would misdemean to  
rebuke to the libels of snots from the fleshambles, the canalles.  
Synamite is too good for them. Two overthirties in shore shor-  
ties. She’s askapot at Nile Lodge and she’s citchincarry at the  
left Mrs Hamazum’s. Will you warn your old habasund, barking  
at baggermen, his chokefull chewing his chain? Responsif you%j%

