format: snippet


%ni%Yet be there some who mourn him, concluding him dead,  
and more there be that wait astand. His fuchs up the staires  
and the ladgers in his haires, he ought to win that V.V.C.  
Fullgrapce for an endupper, half muxy on his whole! Would  
he were even among the lost! From ours bereft beyond be-  
longs. Oremus poor fraternibus that he may yet escape the  
gallews and still remain ours faithfully departed. I wronged you.  
I never want to see more of bad men but I want to learn from  
any on the airse, like Tass with much thanks, here’s ditto, if  
he lives sameplace in the antipathies of austrasia or anywhere  
with my fawngest on his hooshmoney, safe and damned, or  
has hopped it or who can throw any lime on the sopjack,  
my fond fosther, E. Obiit Nolan, The Workings, N.S.W.,  
his condition off the Venerable Jerrybuilt, not belonging to  
these parts, who, I remember ham to me, when we were like  
bro and sis over our castor and porridge, with his roamin I  
suppose, expecting for his clarenx negus, a teetotum abstainer.  
He feels he ought to be as asamed of me as me to be ashunned of  
him. We were in one class of age like to two clots of egg. I am  
most beholding to him, my namesick, as we sayed it in our Am-  
harican, through the Doubly Telewisher. Outpassed hearts wag  
short pertimes. Worndown shoes upon his feet, to whose re-  
dress no tongue can tell! In his hands a boot! Spare me, do, a  
copper or two and happy I’ll hope you’ll be! It will pleased  
me behind with thanks from before and love to self and all I  
remain here your truly friend. I am no scholar but I loved that  
man who has africot lupps with the moonshane in his profile,  
my shemblable! My freer! I call you my halfbrother because  
you in your soberer otiumic moments remind me deeply of my  
natural saywhen brothel in feed, hop and jollity, S. H. Devitt,  
that benighted irismaimed, who is tearly belaboured by Sydney  
and Alibany.
%—%As you sing it it’s a study. That letter selfpenned to one’s  
other, that neverperfect everplanned?
%—%This nonday diary, this allnights newseryreel.
%—%My dear sir! In this wireless age any owl rooster can peck%j%

