format: snippet


%ni%sweat of night blues moist upon them. Feefee! phopho!!  
foorchtha!!! aggala!!!! jeeshee!!!!! paloola!!!!!! ooridiminy!!!!!!!  
Afeared themselves were to wonder at the class of a crossroads  
puzzler he would likely be, length by breadth nonplussing his  
thickness, ells upon ells of him, making so many square yards of  
him, one half of him in Conn’s half but the whole of him never-  
theless in Owenmore’s five quarters. There would he lay till  
they would him descry, spancelled down upon a blossomy bed, at  
one foule stretch, amongst the daffydowndillies, the flowers of  
narcosis fourfettering his footlights, a halohedge of wild spuds  
hovering over him, epicures waltzing with gardenfillers, puritan  
shoots advancing to Aran chiefs. Phopho!! The meteor pulp  
of him, the seamless rainbowpeel. Aggala!!!! His bellyvoid of  
nebulose with his neverstop navel. Paloola!!!!!! And his veins  
shooting melanite phosphor, his creamtocustard cometshair and  
his asteroid knuckles, ribs and members. Ooridiminy!!!!!!! His  
electrolatiginous twisted entrails belt.

Those four claymen clomb together to hold their sworn star-  
chamber quiry on him. For he was ever their quarrel, the way  
they would see themselves, everybug his bodiment atop of  
annywom her notion, and the meet of their noght was worth two  
of his morning. Up to the esker ridge it was, Mallinger parish, to a  
mead that was not far, the son’s rest. First klettered Shanator  
Gregory, seeking spoor through the deep timefield, Shanator  
Lyons, trailing the wavy line of his partition footsteps (some-  
thing in his blisters was telling him all along how he had  
been in that place one time), then his Recordership, Dr Shuna-  
dure Tarpey, caperchasing after honourable sleep, hot on to the  
aniseed and, up out of his prompt corner, old Shunny MacShunny,  
MacDougal the hiker, in the rere of them on the run, to make a  
quorum. Roping their ass he was, their skygrey globetrotter,  
by way of an afterthought and by no means legless either for  
such sprouts on him they were that much oneven it was tumbling  
he was by four lengths, within the bawl of a mascot, kuss yuss,  
kuss cley, patsy watsy, like the kapr in the kabisses, the big ass,  
to hear with his unaided ears the harp in the air, the bugle%j%

