format: snippet


%ni%ho. And whinn muinnuit flittsbit twinn her ttittshe cries  
tallmidy! Daughters of the heavens, be lucks in turnabouts  
to the wandering sons of red loam! The earth’s atrot! The  
sun’s a scream! The air’s a jig. The water’s great! Seven oldy  
oldy hills and the one blue beamer. I’m going. I know I am.  
I could bet I am. Somewhere I must get far away from Banba-  
shore, wherever I am. No saddle, no staffet, but spur on the  
moment! So I think I’ll take freeboots’ advise. Psk! I’ll borrow  
a path to lend me wings, quickquack, and from Jehusalem’s  
wall, clickclack, me courser’s clear, to Cheerup street I’ll travel  
the void world over. It’s Winland for moyne, bickbuck! Jee-  
jakers! I hurt meself nettly that time! Come, my good frog-  
marchers! We felt the fall but we’ll front the defile. Was not my  
olty mutther, Sereth Maritza, a Runningwater? And the bould  
one that quickened her the seaborne Fingale? I feel like that  
hill of a whaler went yulding round Groenmund’s Circus with  
his tree full of seaweeds and Dinky Doll asleep in her shell.  
Hazelridge has seen me. Jerne valing is. Squall aboard for Kew,  
hop! Farewell awhile to her and thee! The brine’s my bride to  
be. Lead on, Macadam, and danked be he who first sights Halt  
Linduff! Solo, solone, solong! Lood Erynnana, ware thee wail!  
With me singame soarem o’erem! Here’s me take off. Now’s  
nunc or nimmer, siskinder! Here goes the enemy! Bennydick  
hotfoots onimpudent stayers! Sorry! I bless alls to the whished  
with this panromain apological which Watllwewhistlem sang to  
the kerrycoys. Break ranks! After wage-of-battle bother I am  
thinking most. Fik yew! I’m through. Won. Toe. Adry. You  
watch my smoke.

After poor Jaun the Boast’s last fireless words of postludium  
of his soapbox speech ending in’sheaven, twentyaid add one with  
a flirt of wings were pouring to his bysistance (could they snip  
that curl of curls to lay with their gloves and keep the kids  
bright!) prepared to cheer him should he leap or to curse him  
should he fall, but, with their biga triga rheda rodeo, the cherubs  
in the charabang, set down here and sedan chair, don’t you  
wish you’d a yoke or a bit in your mouth, repulsing all attempts%j%

