format: snippet


%ni%mother would lay her new golden sheegg for me down under in  
the shy orient. What wouldn’t I poach%—%the rent in my river-  
side, my otther shoes, my beavery, honest!%—%ay, and melt my  
belt for a dace feast of grannom with the finny ones, those happy  
greppies in their minnowahaw, flashing down the swansway,  
leaps ahead of the swift MacEels, the big Gillaroo redfellows  
and the pursewinded carpers, rearin antis rood perches astench  
of me, or, when I’d like own company best, with the help of a  
norange and bear, to be reclined by the lasher on my logansome,  
my g.b.d. in my f.a.c.e., solfanelly in my shellyholders and lov’d  
latakia, the benuvolent, for my nosethrills, with the jealosomines  
wilting away to their heart’s deelight and the king of saptimber  
letting down his humely odours for my consternation, dapping  
my griffeen, burning water in the spearlight or catching trophies  
of the king’s royal college of sturgeone by the armful for to bake  
pike ahd pie while, O twined me abower in L’Alouette’s Tower,  
all Adelaide’s naughtingerls juckjucking benighth me, I’d ga-  
mut my twittynice Dorian blackbudds chthonic solphia off my  
singasongapiccolo to pipe musicall airs on numberous fairy-  
aciodes. I give, a king, to me, she does, alone, up there, yes see,  
I double give, till the spinney all eclosed asong with them. Isn’t  
that lovely though? I give to me alone I trouble give! I may have  
no mind to lamagnage the forte bits like the pianage but you  
can’t cadge me off the key. I’ve a voicical lilt too true. Nomario!  
And bemolly and jiesis! For I sport a whatyoumacormack in the  
latcher part of my throughers. And the lark that I let fly (olala!)  
is as cockful of funantics as it’s tune to my fork. Naturale you  
might lower register me as diserecordant, but I’m athlone in the  
lillabilling of killarnies. That’s flat. Yet ware the wold, you!  
What’s good for the gorse is a goad for the garden. Lethals lurk  
heimlocked in logans. Loathe laburnums. Dash the gaudy death-  
cup! Bryony O’Bryony, thy name is Belladama! But enough of  
greenwood’s gossip. Birdsnests is birdsnests. Thine to wait but  
mine to wage. And now play sharp to me. Doublefirst I’ll head  
foremost through all my examhoops. And what sensitive coin  
I’d be possessed of at Latouche’s, begor, I’d sink it sumtotal, every%j%

