format: snippet


%ni%and Bruda Pszths and Brat Slavos. One temp when he foiled to  
be killed, the freak wanted to put his bilingual head intentionally  
through the Ikish Tames and go and join the clericy as a demoni-  
can skyterrier. Throwing dust in the eyes of the Hooley Fer-  
mers! He used to be avowdeed as he ought to be vitandist. For  
onced I squeaked by twyst I’ll squelch him. Then he went to  
Cecilia’s treat on his solo to pick up Galen. Asbestopoulos! Inku-  
pot! He has encaust in the blood. Shim! I have the outmost con-  
tempt for. Prost bitten! Conshy! Tiberia is waiting on you,  
arestocrank! Chaka a seagull ticket at Gattabuia and Gabbiano’s!  
Go o’er the sea, haythen, from me and leave your libber to TCD.  
Your puddin is cooked! You’re served, cram ye! Fatefully  
yaourth... Ex. Ex. Ex. Ex.
%—%But for what, thrice truthful teller, Shaun of grace? weakly  
we went on to ask now of the gracious one. Vouchsafe to say.  
You will now, goodness, won’t you? Why?
%—%For his root language, if you ask me whys, Shaun replied,  
as he blessed himself devotionally like a crawsbomb, making act  
of oblivion, footinmouther! (what the thickuns else?) which he  
picksticked into his lettruce invrention. Ullhodturdenweirmud-  
gaardgringnirurdrmolnirfenrirlukkilokkibaugimandodrrerin-  
surtkrinmgernrackinarockar! Thor’s for yo!
%—%The hundredlettered name again, last word of perfect lan-  
guage. But you could come near it, we do suppose, strong Shaun  
O’, we foresupposed. How?
%—%Peax! Peax! Shaun replied in vealar penultimatum. ’Tis  
pebils before Sweeney’s as he swigged a slug of Jon Jacobsen  
from his treestem sucker cane. Mildbut likesome! I might as  
well be talking to the four waves till tibbes grey eves and the  
rests asleep. Frost! Nope! No one in his seven senses could as  
I have before said, only you missed my drift, for it’s being in-  
cendiary. Every dimmed letter in it is a copy and not a few of the  
silbils and wholly words I can show you in my Kingdom of  
Heaven. The lowquacity of him! With his threestar monothong!  
Thaw! The last word in stolentelling! And what’s more right-  
down lowbrown schisthematic robblemint! Yes. As he was rising%j%

