format: snippet


%ni%me while you behold how I be eld. But it is grandiose by my  
ways of thinking from the prophecies. New worlds for all! And  
they were scotographically arranged for gentlemen only by a  
scripchewer in whofoundland who finds he is a relative. And it  
was with my extravert davy. Like glue. Be through. Moyhard’s  
daynoight, tomthumb. Phwum!
%—%How mielodorous is thy bel chant, O songbird, and how  
exqueezit thine after draught! Buccinate in Emenia tuba insigni  
volumnitatis tuae. But do you mean, O phausdheen phewn, from  
Pontoffbellek till the Kisslemerched our ledan triz will be? we  
gathered substantively whether furniture would or verdure var-  
nish?
%—%It is a confoundyous injective so to say, Shaun the fiery  
boy shouted, naturally incensed, as he shook the red pepper out  
of his auricles. And another time please confine your glaring in-  
tinuations to some other mordant body. What on the physiog  
of this furnaced planet would I be doing besides your verjuice?  
That is more than I can fix, for the teom bihan, anyway. So let I  
and you now kindly drop that, angryman! That’s not French  
pastry. You can take it from me. Understand me when I tell you  
(and I will ask you not to whisple, cry golden or quoth mecback)  
that under the past purcell’s office, so deeply deplored by my  
erstwhile elder friend, Miss Enders, poachmistress and gay re-  
ceiver ever for in particular to the Scotic Poor Men’s Thousand  
Gallon Cow Society (I was thinking of her in sthore) allbethey  
blessed with twentytwo thousand sorters out of a biggest poss  
of twentytwo thousand, mine’s won, too much privet stationery  
and safty quipu was ate up larchly by those nettlesome goats  
out of pension greed. Colpa di Becco, buon apartita! Proceding,  
I will say it is also one of my avowal’s intentions, at some time  
pease Pod pluse murthers of gout (when I am not prepared to say)  
so apt as my pen is upt to scratch, to compound quite the makings  
of a verdigrease savingsbook in the form of a pair of capri  
sheep boxing gloves surrounding this matter of the Welsfusel  
mascoteers and their sindybuck that saved a city for my publickers,  
Nolaner and Browno, Nickil Hopstout, Christcross, so long as,%j%

