format: snippet


%ni%I used to be always overthere on the fourth day at my grand-  
mother’s place, Tear-nan-Ogre, my little grey home in the west,  
in or about Mayo when the long dog gave tongue and they  
coursing the marches and they straining at the leash. Tortoise-  
shell for a guineagould! Burb! Burb! Burb! Follow me up  
Tucurlugh! That’s the place for the claire oysters, Polldoody,  
County Conway. I never knew how rich I was like another story in  
the zoedone of the zephyros, strolling and strolling, carrying my  
dragoman, Meads Marvel, thass withumpronouceable tail, along  
the shore. Do you know my cousin, Mr Jasper Dougal that  
keeps the Anchor on the Mountain, the parson’s son, Jasper of  
the Tuns, Pat Whateveryournameis?
%—%Dood and I dood. The wolves of Fochlut! By Whydoyou-  
callme? Do not flingamejig to the twolves!
%—%Turcafiera amd that’s a good wan right enough! Wooluvs  
no less!
%—%One moment now, if I foreshorten the bloss on your  
bleather. Encroachement spells erosion. Dunlin and turnstone  
augur us where, how and when best as to burial of carcass, fuse-  
lage of dump and committal of noisance. But, since you invocate  
austers for the trailing of vixens, I would like to send a cormo-  
rant around this blue lagoon. Tell me now this. You told my  
larned friend rather previously, a moment since, about this mound  
or barrow. Now I suggest to you that ere there was this plague-  
burrow, as you seem to call it, there was a burialbattell, the boat  
of millions of years. Would you bear me out in that, relatively  
speaking, with her jackstaff jerking at her pennyladders, why  
not, and sizing a fair sail, knowest thout the kind? The Pourquoi  
Pas, bound for Weissduwasland, that fourmaster barquentine,  
Webster says, our ship that ne’re returned. The Frenchman, I say,  
was an orangeboat. He is a boat. You see him. The both how  
you see is they! Draken af Danemork! Sacked it or ate it? What!  
Hennu! Spake ab laut!
%—%Couch, cortege, ringbarrow, dungcairn. Beseek the runes  
and see the longurn! Allmaun away when you hear the gang-  
horn. And meet Nautsen. Ess Ess. O ess. Warum night! Con-%j%

