format: snippet


*— Hail him heathen, heal him holystone!*

*Courser, Recourser, Changechild................?*

*Eld es endall, earth......................?*
%—%A cataleptic mithyphallic! Was this Totem Fulcrum Est  
Ancestor yu hald in Dies Eirae where no spider webbeth or  
Anno Mundi ere bawds plied in Skiffstrait? Be fair, Chris!
%—%Dream. Ona nonday I sleep. I dreamt of a somday. Of a  
wonday I shall wake. Ah! May he have now of here fearfilled  
me! Sinflowed, O sinflowed! Fia! Fia! Befurcht christ!
%—%I have your tristich now; it recurs in three times the same  
differently (there is such a fui fui story which obtains of him):  
comming nown from the asphalt to the concrete, from the human  
historic brute, Finnsen Faynean, occeanyclived, to this same  
vulganized hillsir from yours, Mr Tupling Toun of Morning  
de Heights, with his lavast flow and his rambling undergroands,  
would he reoccur Ad Horam, as old Romeo Rogers, in city or  
county, and your sure ob, or by, with or from an urb, of you  
know the differenciabus, as brauchbarred in apabhramsa, sierrah!  
We speak of Gun, the farther. And in the locative. Bap! Bap!
%—%Ouer Tad, Hellig Babbau, whom certayn orbits assertant  
re humeplace of Chivitats Ei, Smithwick, Rhonnda, Kaledon,  
Salem (Mass), Childers, Argos and Duthless. Well, I am advised  
he might in a sense be both nevertheless, every at man like my-  
self, suffix it to say, Abrahamsk and Brookbear! By him it was  
done bapka, by me it was gone into, to whom it will beblive,  
Mushame, Mushame! I am afraid you could not heave ahore one  
of your own old stepstones, barnabarnabarn, over a stumble-  
down wall here in Huddlestown to this classic Noctuber night  
but itandthey woule binge, much as vecious, off the dosshouse  
back of a racerider in his truetoflesh colours, either handicapped  
on her flat or barely repeating himself. That is a tiptip tim oldy  
faher now the man I go in fear of, Tommy Terracotta, and he  
could be all your and my das, the brodar of the founder of the  
father of the finder of the pfander of the pfunder of the furst man  
in Ranelagh, fué! fué! Petries and violet ice (I am yam, as Me  
and Tam Tower used to jagger pemmer it, over at the house of%j%

