format: snippet


%ni%end of your chapter, you citch water on the wagon for me being  
turned a star I’ll dubeurry my two fesces under Pouts Vanisha  
Creme, their way for spilling cream, and, accent, umto extend  
my personnalitey to the latents, I’ll boy me for myself only of  
expensive rainproof of pinked elephant’s breath grey of the  
loveliest sheerest dearest widowshood over airforce blue I am  
so wild for, my precious once, Hope Bros., Faith Street, Charity  
Corner, as the bee loves her skyhighdeed, for I always had a  
crush on heliotrope since the dusess of yore cycled round the  
Finest Park, and listen. And never mind me laughing at what’s  
atever! I was in the nerves but it’s my last day. Always about  
this hour, I’m sorry, when our gamings for Bruin and Noselong  
is all oh you tease and afterdoon my lickle pussiness I stheal  
heimlick in my russians from the attraction part with my terri-  
blitall boots calvescatcher Pinchapoppapoff, who is going to be  
a jennyroll, at my nape, drenched, love, with dripping to affec-  
tionate slapmamma but last at night, look, after my golden vio-  
lents wetting in my upperstairs splendidly welluminated with  
such lidlylac curtains wallpapered to match the cat and a fire-  
please keep looking of priceless pearlogs I just want to see will  
he or are all Michales like that, I’ll strip straight after devotions  
before his fondstare%—%and I mean it too, (thy gape to my gazing  
I’ll bind and makeleash) and poke stiff under my isonbound with  
my soiedisante-chineknees cheeckchubby chambermate for the  
night’s foreign males and your name of Shane will come forth  
between my shamefaced whesen with other lipth I nakest open  
my thight when just woken by his toccatootletoo my first morn-  
ing. So now, to thalk thildish, thome, theated with Mag at the  
oilthan we are doing to thay one little player before doing to  
deed. An a tiss to the tassie for lu and for tu! Coach me how to  
tumble, Jaime, and listen, with supreme regards, Juan, in haste,  
warn me which to ah ah ah ah....
%—%MEN! Juan responded fullchantedly to her sororal sono-  
rity, imitating himself capitally with his bubbleblown in his  
patapet and his chalished drink now well in hand. (A spilt, see,  
for a split, see see!) Ever gloriously kind! And I truly am%j%

