format: snippet


%ni%scension) how it was forstold for me by brevet for my vacation  
in life while possessing stout legs to be disbarred after holy orders  
from unnecessary servile work of reckless walking of all sorts for  
the relics of my time for otherwise by my so douching I would  
get into a blame there where sieves fall out, Excelsior tips the best.  
Weak stop work stop walk stop whoak. Go thou this island, one  
housesleep there, then go thou other island, two housesleep there,  
then catch one nightmaze, then home to dearies. Never back a  
woman you defend, never get quit of a friend on whom you  
depend never make face to a foe till he’s rife and never get stuck  
to another man’s pfife. Amen; ptah! His hungry will be done! On  
the continent as in Eironesia. But believe me in my simplicity I am  
awful good, I believe, so I am, at the root of me, praised be right  
cheek Discipline! And I can now truthfully declaret before my  
Geity’s Pantokreator with my fleshfettered palms on the epizzles  
of the apossels that I do my reasonabler’s best to recite my grocery  
beans for mummy mit dummy mot muthar mat bonzar regular,  
genuflections enclosed. Hek domov muy, there thou beest on the  
hummock, ghee up, ye dog, for your daggily broth, etc., Happy  
Maria and Glorious Patrick, etc., etc. In fact, always, have I  
believe. Greedo! Her’s me hongue!
%—%And it is the fullsoot of a tarabred. Yet one minute’s ob-  
servation, dear dogmestic Shaun, as we point out how you have  
while away painted our town a wearing greenridinghued.
%—%O murder mere, how did you hear? Shaun replied, smoil-  
ing the ily way up his lampsleeve (it just seemed the natural thing  
to do), so shy of light was he then. Well, so be it! The gloom hath  
rays, her lump is love. And I will confess to have, yes. Your  
diogneses is anonest man’s. Thrubedore I did! Inditty I did. All lay  
I did. Down with the Saozon ruze! And I am afraid it wouldn’t  
be my first coat’s wasting after striding on the vampire and blaz-  
ing on the focoal. See! blazing on the focoal. As see! blazing upon  
the foe. Like the regular redshank I am. Impregnable as the mule  
himself. Somebody may perhaps hint at an aughter impression  
of was wrong. No such a thing! You never made a more freud-  
ful mistake, excuse yourself! What’s pork to you means meat to%j%

