format: snippet


%ni%wail of evoker, healing music, ay, and heart in hand of Sham-  
rogueshire! The googoos of the suckabolly in the rockabeddy are  
become the copiosity of wiseableness of the friarylayman in the  
pulpitbarrel. May your bawny hair grow rarer and fairer, our own  
only wideheaded boy! Rest your voice! Feed your mind! Mint  
your peas! Coax your qyous! Come to disdoon blarmey and  
walk our groves so charming and see again the sweet rockelose  
where first you hymned O Ciesa Mea! and touch the light the-  
orbo! Songster, angler, choreographer! Piper to prisoned! Musi-  
cianship made Embrassador-at-Large! Good by nature and  
natural by design, had you but been spared to us, Hauneen lad,  
but sure where’s the use my talking quicker when I know you’ll  
hear me all astray? My long farewell I send to you, fair dream of  
sport and game and always something new. Gone is Haun! My  
grief, my ruin! Our Joss-el-Jovan! Our Chris-na-Murty! ’Tis well  
you’ll be looked after from lastto first as yon beam of light we  
follow receding on your photophoric pilgrimage to your anti-  
podes in the past, you who so often consigned your distributory  
tidings of great joy into our nevertoolatetolove box, mansuetudi-  
nous manipulator, victimisedly victorihoarse, dearest Haun of  
all, you of the boots, true as adie, stepwalker, pennyatimer,  
lampaddyfair, postanulengro, our rommanychiel! Thy now pal-  
ing light lucerne we ne’er may see again. But could it speak how  
nicely would it splutter to the four cantons praises be to thee,  
our pattern sent! For you had%—%may I, in our, your and their  
names, dare to say it?%—%the nucleus of a glow of a zeal of soul  
of service such as rarely, if ever, have I met with single men.  
Numerous are those who, nay, there are a dozen of folks still  
unclaimed by the death angel in this country of ours today,  
humble indivisibles in this grand continuum, overlorded by fate  
and interlarded with accidence, who, while there are hours and  
days, will fervently pray to the spirit above that they may never  
depart this earth of theirs till in his long run from that place  
where the day begins, ere he retourneys postexilic, on that day  
that belongs to joyful Ireland, the people that is of all time, the  
old old oldest, the young young youngest, after decades of%j%

