format: snippet


%ni%slackfoot, linkman laizurely, lampman loungey, and by Killesther’s  
lapes and falls, with corks, staves and treeleaves and more bub-  
bles to his keelrow a fairish and easy way enough as the town cow  
cries behind the times in the direction of Mac Auliffe’s, the crucet-  
house, Open the Door Softly, down in the valley before he was  
really uprighted ere in a dip of the downs (uila!) he spoorlessly  
disappaled and vanesshed, like a popo down a papa, from circular  
circulatio. Ah, mean!

Gaogaogaone! Tapaa!

And the stellas were shinings. And the earthnight strewed  
aromatose. His pibrook creppt mong the donkness. A reek was  
waft on the luftstream. He was ours, all fragrance. And we were  
his for a lifetime. O dulcid dreamings languidous! Taboccoo!

It was sharming! But sharmeng!

And the lamp went out as it couldn’t glow on burning, yep, the  
lmp wnt out for it couldn’t stay alight.

Well, (how dire do we thee hours when thylike fades!) all’s dall  
and youllow and it is to bedowern that thou art passing hence,  
mine bruder, able Shaun, with a twhisking of the robe, ere the  
morning of light calms our hardest throes? beyond cods’ cradle  
and porpoise plain, from camal relations undfamiliar faces, to the  
inds of Tuskland where the oliphants scrum till the  
ousts of Amiracles where the toll stories grow proudest, more is  
the pity, but for all your deeds of goodness you were soo ooft and  
for ever doing, manomano and myriamilia even to mulimuli, as  
our humbler classes, whose virtue is humility, can tell, it is hardly  
we in the country of the old, Sean Moy, can part you for, oleypoe,  
you were the walking saint, you were, tootoo too stayer, the  
graced of gods and pittites and the salus of the wake. Countenance  
whose disparition afflictedly fond Fuinn feels. Winner of the  
gamings, primed at the studience, propredicted from the story-  
bouts, the choice of ages wise! Spickspookspokesman of our  
specturesque silentiousness! Musha, beminded of us out there in  
Cockpit, poor twelve o’clock scholars, sometime or other any-  
when you think the time. Wisha, becoming back to us way home  
in Biddyhouse one way or either anywhere we miss your smile.%j%

