format: snippet


%ni%from the eligible ministriss for affairs with the black fremdling,  
that enemy of our country, in a cleanlooking light and I don’t  
care a tongser’s tammany hang who the mucky is nor twoo  
hoots in the corner nor three shouts on a hill (were he even  
a constantineal namesuch of my very own, Attaboy Knowling,  
and like enoch to my townmajor ancestors, the two that are  
taking out their divorces in the Spooksbury courts circuits,  
Rere Uncle Remus, the Baas of Eboracum and Old Father  
Ulissabon Knickerbocker, the lanky sire of Wolverhampton,  
about their bristelings), but as true as there’s a soke for sakes in  
Twoways Peterborough and sure as home we come to newsky  
prospect from west the wave on schedule time (if I came any  
quicker I’ll be right back before I left) from the land of breach  
of promise with Brendan’s mantle whitening the Kerribrasilian  
sea and March’s pebbles spinning from beneath our footslips to  
carry fire and sword, rest insured that as we value the very name  
in sister that as soon as we do possibly it will be a poor lookout  
for that insister. He’s a markt man from that hour. And why do  
we say that, you may query me? Quary? Guess! Call’st thou?  
Think and think and think, I urge on you. Muffed! The wrong  
porridge. You are an ignoratis! Because then probably we’ll  
dumb well soon show him what the Shaun way is like how we’ll  
go a long way towards breaking his outsider’s face for him for  
making up to you with his bringthee balm of Gaylad and his  
singthee songs of Arupee, chancetrying my ward’s head into  
sanctuary before feeling with his two dimensions for your nup-  
tial dito. Ohibow, if I was Blonderboss I’d gooandfrighthisdual-  
man! Now, we’ll tell you what we’ll do to be sicker instead of  
compensation. We’ll he’ll burst our his mouth like Leary to the  
Leinsterface and reduce he’ll we’ll ournhisn liniments to a  
poolp. Open the door softly, somebody wants you, dear! You’ll  
hear him calling you, bump, like a blizz, in the muezzin of the  
turkest night. Come on now, pillarbox! I’ll stiffen your scribeall,  
broken reed! That’ll be it, grand operoar style, even should I,  
with my sleuts of hogpew and cheekas, have to coomb the brash  
of the libs round Close Saint Patrice to lay my louseboob on his%j%

