format: snippet


%ni%from Moabit who could have abused of her, the foxrogues, there  
might accrue advantage to ask wher in pellmell her deceivers  
sinned. Yet know it was vastly otherwise which I have heard it  
by mmummy goods waif, as I, chiefly endmost hartyly aver, for  
Fulvia Fluvia, iddle woman to the plusneeborn, ever did ensue  
tillstead the things that pertained unto fairnesse, this wharom I  
am fawned on, that which was loost. Even so, for I waged love  
on her: and spoiled her undines. And she wept: O my lors!
%—%Till we meet!
%—%Ere we part!
%—%Tollollall!
%—%This time a hundred years!
%—%But I was firm with her. And I did take the reached of my  
delights, my jealousy, ymashkt, beyashmakt, earswathed, snout-  
snooded, and did raft her flumingworthily and did leftlead her  
overland the pace, from lacksleap up to liffsloup, tiding down, as  
portreeve should, whimpering by Kevin’s creek and Hurdlesford  
and Gardener’s Mall, long rivierside drive, embankment large,  
to Ringsend Flott and Ferry, where she began to bump a little  
bit, my dart to throw: and there, by wavebrink, on strond of  
south, with mace to masthigh, taillas Cowhowling, quailless  
Highjakes, did I upreized my magicianer’s puntpole, the tridont  
sired a tritan stock, farruler, and I bade those polyfizzyboisterous  
seas to retire with hemselves from os (rookwards, thou seasea  
stamoror!) and I abridged with domfine norsemanship till I had  
done abate her maidan race, my baresark bride, and knew her  
fleshly when with all my bawdy did I her whorship, min  
bryllupswibe: Heaven, he hallthundered; Heydays, he flung  
blissforhers. And I cast my tenspan joys on her, arsched over-  
tupped, from bank of call to echobank, by dint of strongbow  
(Galata! Galata!) so streng we were in one, malestream in  
shegulf: and to ringstresse I thumbed her with iern of Erin  
and tradesmanmarked her lieflang mine for all and singular, iday,  
igone, imorgans, and for ervigheds: base your peak, you! you,  
strike your flag!: (what screech of shippings! what low of dampf-%j%

