format: snippet

%—%It seems to same with Iscappellas? Ys? Gotellus! A tickey  
for tie taughts!
%—%Listenest, meme mearest! They were harrowd, those fin-  
weeds! Come, rest in this bosom! So sorry you lost him, poor  
lamb! Of course I know you are a viry vikid girl to go in the  
dreemplace and at that time of the draym and it was a very wrong  
thing to do, even under the dark flush of night, dare all grand-  
passia! He’s gone on his bombashaw. Through geesing and so  
pleasing at Strip Teasy up the stairs. The boys on the corner were  
talking too. And your soreful miseries first come on you. Still to  
forgive it, divine my lickle wiffey, and everybody knows you do  
look lovely in your invinsibles, Eulogia, a perfect apposition with  
the coldcream, Assoluta, from Boileau’s I always use in the wards  
after I am burned a rich egg and derive the greatest benefit,  
sign of the cause. My, you do! Simply adorable! Could I but  
pass my hands some, my hands through, thine hair! So vicky-  
vicky veritiny! O Fronces, say howdyedo, Dotty! Chic hands.  
The way they curve there under nue charmeen cuffs! I am more  
divine like that when I’ve two of everything up to boyproof  
knicks. Winning in a way, only my arms are whiter, dear.  
Blanchemain, idler. Fairhair, frail one. Listen, meme sweety! O  
be joyfold! Mirror do justice, taper of ivory, heart of the cona-  
vent, hoops of gold! My veil will save it undyeing from his ether-  
nal fire! It’s meemly us two, meme idoll. Of course it was down-  
right verry wickred of him, reely meeting me disguised, Bortolo  
mio, peerfectly appealling, D.V., with my lovebirds, my colom-  
binas. Their sinsitives shrinked. Even Netta and Linda, our seeyu  
tities and they’ve sin sumtim, tankus! My rillies were liebeneaus,  
my aftscents embre. How me adores eatsother simply (Mon ishe-  
beau! Ma reinebelle!), in his storm collar, as I leaned yestreen  
from his muskished labs, even my little pom got excited, when I  
turned his head on his same manly bust and kissed him more.  
Only he might speak to a person, lord so picious, taking up my  
worths ill wrong! May I introduce! This is my futuous, lips and  
looks lovelast. Still me with you, you poor chilled! Will make it  
up with mother Concepcion and a glorious lie between us,%j%

