format: snippet


Jeminy, what is the view which now takes up a second posi-  
tion of discordance, tell it please? Mark! You notice it in that  
rereway because the male entail partially eclipses the femecovert.  
It is so called for its discord the meseedo. Do you ever heard the  
story about Helius Croesus, that white and gold elephant in our  
zoopark? You astonish me by it. Is it not that we are command-  
ing from fullback, woman permitting, a profusely fine birdseye  
view from beauhind this park? Finn his park has been much the  
admiration of all the stranger ones, grekish and romanos, who  
arrive to here. The straight road down the centre (see relief map)  
bisexes the park which is said to be the largest of his kind in the  
world. On the right prominence confronts you the handsome  
vinesregent’s lodge while, turning to the other supreme piece of  
cheeks, exactly opposite, you are confounded by the equally hand-  
some chief sacristary’s residence. Around is a little amiably tufted  
and man is cheered when he bewonders through the boskage  
how the nature in all frisko is enlivened by gentlemen’s seats.  
Here are heavysuppers%—%’tis for daddies housings for hun-  
dredaires of our super thin thousand. By gum, but you have  
resin! Of these tallworts are yielded out juices for jointoils and  
pappasses for paynims. Listeneth! ’Tis a tree story. How olave,  
that firile, was aplantad in her liveside. How tannoboom held  
tonobloom. How rood in norlandes. The black and blue marks  
athwart the weald, which now barely is so stripped, indicate the  
presence of sylvious beltings. Therewithal shady rides lend  
themselves out to rustic cavalries. In yonder valley, too,  
stays mountain sprite. Any pretty dears are to be caught inside  
but it is a bad pities of the plain. A scarlet pimparnell now  
mules the mound where anciently first murders were wanted  
to take root. By feud fionghalian. Talkingtree and sinningstone  
stay on either hand. Hystorical leavesdroppings may also be gar-  
nered up with sir Shamus Swiftpatrick, Archfieldchaplain of Saint  
Lucan’s. How familiar it is to see all these interesting advenements  
with one snaked’s eyes! Is all? Yet not. Hear one’s. At the bodom  
fundus of this royal park, which, with tvigate shyasian gardeenen,  
is open to the public till night at late, so well the sissastrides so will%j%

