format: snippet


%ni%spirit, called Sebastion, from the Rivera in Januero, (he is not  
all hear) may fernspreak shortly with messuages from my dead-  
ported. Let us cheer him up a little and make an appunkment for  
a future date. Hello, Commudicate! How’s the buttes? Ever-  
scepistic! He does not believe in our psychous of the Real Ab-  
sence, neither miracle wheat nor soulsurgery of P. P. Quemby.  
He has had some indiejestings, poor thing, for quite a little while,  
confused by his tonguer of baubble. A way with him! Poor Felix  
Culapert! Ring his mind, ye staples, (bonze!) in my ould reeke-  
ries’ ballyheart and in my krumlin and in aroundisements and  
stremmis! Sacks eleathury! Sacks eleathury! Bam! I deplore over  
him ruely. Mongrieff! O Hone! Guestermed with the nobelities,  
to die bronxitic in achershous! So enjoying of old thick whiles,  
in haute white toff’s hoyt of our formed reflections, with stock  
of eisen all his prop, so buckely hosiered from the Royal Leg,  
and his puertos mugnum, he would puffout a dhymful bock.  
And the how he would husband her that verikerfully, his cigare  
divane! (He would redden her with his vestas, but ’tis naught.)  
With us his nephos and his neberls, mest incensed and befogged  
by him and his smoke thereof. But he shall have his glad stein of  
our zober beerbest in Oscarshal’s winetavern. Buen retiro! The  
boyce voyce is still flautish and his mounth still wears that  
soldier’s scarlet though the flaxafloyeds are peppered with salse-  
dine. It is bycause of what he was ascend into his prisonce on  
account off. I whit it wel. Hence his deepraised words. Some day  
I may tell of his second storey. Mood! Mood! It looks like some-  
one other bearing my burdens. I cannot let it. Kanes nought.

Well, yeamen, I have bared my whole past, I flatter myself,  
on both sides. Give me even two months by laxlaw in second  
division and my first broadcloth is business will be to protest to  
Recorder at Thing of all Things, or court of Skivinis, with mar-  
chants grey, antient and credibel, Zerobubble Barrentone, Jonah  
Whalley, Determined Codde or Cucumber Upright, my jurats,  
if it does not occur again. O rhyme us! Haar Faagher, wild heart  
in Homelan; Harrod’s be the naun. Mine kinder come, mine  
wohl be won. There is nothing like leuther. O Shee! And nosty%j%

