format: snippet


%ni%Marinuzza, Indra and Iodina, has been tenderly debauched  
(in Halliday’s view), by Honuphrius, and Magravius knows  
from spies that Anita has formerly committed double sacrilege  
with Michael, vulgo Cerularius, a perpetual curate, who wishes  
to seduce Eugenius. Magravius threatens to have Anita molested  
by Sulla, an orthodox savage (and leader of a band of twelve  
mercenaries, the Sullivani), who desires to procure Felicia for  
Gregorius, Leo, Vitellius and Macdugalius, four excavators, if  
she will not yield to him and also deceive Honuphrius by ren-  
dering conjugal duty when demanded. Anita who claims to have  
discovered incestuous temptations from Jeremias and Eugenius  
would yield to the lewdness of Honuphrius to appease the  
savagery of Sulla and the mercernariness of the twelve Sullivani,  
and (as Gilbert at first suggested), to save the virginity of  
Felicia for Magravius when converted by Michael after the  
death of Gillia, but she fears that, by allowing his marital rights  
she may cause reprehensible conduct between Eugenius and  
Jeremias. Michael, who has formerly debauched Anita, dispen-  
ses her from yielding to Honuphrius who pretends publicly to  
possess his conjunct in thirtynine several manners (turpiter!  
affirm ex cathedris Gerontes Cambronses) for camal hygiene  
whenever he has rendered himself impotent to consummate by  
subdolence. Anita is disturbed but Michael comminates that  
he will reserve her case tomorrow for the ordinary Guglielmus  
even if she should practise a pious fraud during affrication  
which, from experience, she knows (according to Wadding),  
to be leading to nullity. Fortissa, however, is encouraged by  
Gregorius, Leo, Viteilius, and Magdugalius, reunitedly, to warn  
Anita by describing the strong chastisements of Honuphrius  
and the depravities (turpissimas!) of Canicula, the deceased wife  
of Mauritius, with Sulla, the simoniac, who is abnegand and  
repents. Has he hegemony and shall she submit?

Translate a lax, you breed a bradaun. In the goods of Cape and  
Chattertone, deceased.

This, lay readers and gentilemen, is perhaps the commonest  
of all cases arising out of umbrella history in connection with%j%

