format: snippet


Yet he begottom.

Let us wherefore, tearing ages, presently preposterose a  
snatchvote of thanksalot to the huskiest coaxing experimenter  
that ever gave his best hand into chancerisk, wishing him with  
his famblings no end of slow poison and a mighty broad venue  
for themselves between the devil’s punchbowl and the deep  
angleseaboard, that they may gratefully turn a deaf ear clooshed  
upon the desperanto of willynully, their shareholders from Taaffe  
to Auliffe, that will curse them below par and mar with their  
descendants, shame, humbug ant profit, to greenmould upon  
mildew over jaundice as long as ever there’s wagtail surtaxed to  
a testcase on enver a man.

We have to had them whether we’ll like it or not. They’ll have  
to have us now then we’re here on theirspot. Scant hope theirs  
or ours to escape life’s high carnage of semperidentity by sub-  
sisting peasemeal upon variables. Bloody certainly have we got  
to see to it ere smellful demise surprends us on this concrete that  
down the gullies of the eras we may catch ourselves looking  
forward to what will in no time be staring you larrikins on the  
postface in that multimirror megaron of returningties, whirled  
without end to end. So there was a raughty... who in Dyfflins-  
borg did... With his soddering iron, spadeaway, hammerlegs  
and... Where there was a fair.young... Who was playing her  
game of... And said she you rockaby... Will you peddle in  
my bog... And he sod her in Iarland, paved her way from  
Maizenhead to Youghal. And that’s how Humpfrey, champion  
emir, holds his own. Shysweet, she rests.

Or show pon him now, will you! Derg rudd face should take  
patrick’s purge. Hokoway, in his hiphigh bearserk! Third posi-  
tion of concord! Excellent view from front. Sidome. Female  
imperfectly masking male. Redspot his browbrand. Woman’s  
the prey! Thon’s the dullakeykongsbyogblagroggerswagginline  
(private judgers, change here for Lootherstown! Onlyromans,  
keep your seats!) that drew all ladies please to our great mettroll-  
ops. Leary, leary, twentytun nearly, he’s plotting kings down  
for his villa’s extension! Gaze at him now in momentum! As his%j%

