format: snippet


To reachy a skeer do! Still hoyhra, till venstra! Here are two  
rooms on the upstairs, at forkflank and at knifekanter. Whom in  
the wood are they for? Why, for little Porter babes, to be saved!  
The coeds, boytom thwackers and timbuy teaser. Here is one.  
thing you owed two noe. This one once upon awhile was the  
other but this is the other one nighadays. Ah so? The Corsicos?  
They are numerable. Guest them. Major bed, minor bickhive.  
Halosobuth, sov us! Who sleeps in now number one, for ex-  
ample? A pussy, purr esimple. Cunina, Statulina and Edulia,  
but how sweet of her! Has your pussy a pessname? Yes, indeed,  
you will hear it passim in all the noveletta and she is named  
Buttercup. Her bare name will tellt it, a monitress. How very  
sweet of her and what an excessively lovecharming missyname  
to forsake, now that I come to drink of it filtred, a gracecup  
fulled of bitterness. She is dadad’s lottiest daughterpearl and  
brooder’s cissiest auntybride. Her shellback thimblecasket mirror  
only can show her dearest friendeen. To speak well her grace  
it would ask of Grecian language, of her goodness, that legend  
golden. Biryina Saindua! Loreas with lillias flocaflake arrosas!  
Here’s newyearspray, the posquiflor, a windaborne and helio-  
trope; there miriamsweet and amaranth and marygold to crown.  
Add lightest knot unto tiptition. O Charis! O Charissima!  
A more intriguant bambolina could one not colour up out  
of Boccuccia’s Enameron. Would one but to do apart a lilybit her  
virginelles and, so, to breath, so, therebetween, behold, she had  
instantt with her handmade as to graps the myth inmid the air.  
Mother of moth! I will to show herword in flesh. Approach not for  
ghost sake! Itis dormition! She may think, what though little doth  
she realise, as morning fresheth, it hath happened her, you know  
what, as they too what two dare not utter. Silvoo plush, if scolded  
she draws a face. Petticoat’s asleep but in the gentlenest of her  
thoughts apoo is a nursepin. To be presented, Babs for Bim-  
bushi? Of courts and with enticers. Up, girls, and at him! Alone?  
Alone what? I mean, our strifestirrer, does she do fleurty winkies  
with herself Pussy is never alone, as records her chambrette, for  
she can always look at Biddles and talk petnames with her little%j%

