format: snippet

%—%Booms of bombs and heavy rethudders?
%—%This aim to you!
%—%The tail, so mastrodantic, as you tell it nearly takes your  
own mummouth’s breath away. Your troppers are so unrelieved  
because his troopers were in difficulties. Still let stultitiam done  
in veino condone ineptias made of veritues. How many were  
married on that top of all strapping mornings, after the midnight  
turkay drive, my good watcher?
%—%Puppaps. That’d be telling. With a hoh frohim and heh  
fraher. But, as regards to Tammy Thornycraft, Idefyne the lawn  
mare and the laney moweress and all the prentisses of wildes to  
massage him.
%—%Now from Gunner Shotland to Guinness Scenography.  
Come to the ballay at the Tailors’ Hall. We mean to be mellay on  
the Mailers’ Mall. And leap, rink and make follay till the Gaelers’  
Gall. Awake! Come, a wake! Every old skin in the leather world,  
infect the whole stock company of the old house of the Leaking  
Barrel, was thomistically drunk, two by two, lairking o’ tootlers  
with tombours a’beggars, the blog and turfs and the brandywine  
bankrompers, trou Normend fashion, I have been told down to  
the bank lean clorks? Some nasty blunt clubs were being operated  
after the tradition of a wellesleyan bottle riot act and a few plates  
were being shied about and tumblers bearing traces of fresh  
porter rolling around, independent of that, for the ehren of Fyn’s  
Insul, and then followed that wapping breakfast at the Heaven  
and Covenant, with Rodey O’echolowing how his breadcost on  
the voters would be a comeback for e’er a one, like the depre-  
dations of Scandalknivery, in and on usedtowobble sloops off  
cloasts, eh? Would that be a talltale too? This was the grandsire  
Orther. This was his innwhite horse. Sip?
%—%Well, naturally he was, louties also genderymen. Being  
Kerssfesstiydt. They came from all lands beyond the wave for  
songs of Inishfeel. Whiskway and mortem! No puseyporcious  
either, invitem kappines all round. But the right reverend priest,  
Mr Hopsinbond, and the reverent bride eleft, Frizzy Fraufrau,  
were sober enough. I think they were sober.

