format: snippet


%ni%bridges are blown to babbyrags, by the lee of his hulk upright  
on her orbits, and the heave of his juniper arx in action, he’s  
naval I see. Poor little tartanelle, her dinties are chattering, the  
strait’s she’s in, the bulloge she bears! Her smirk is smeeching  
behind for her hills. By the queer quick twist of her mobcap and  
the lift of her shift at random and the rate of her gate of going  
the pace, two thinks at a time, her country I’m proud of. The  
field is down, the race is their own. The galleonman jovial on his  
bucky brown nightmare. Bigrob dignagging his lylyputtana.  
One to one bore one! The datter, io, io, sleeps in peace, in peace.  
And the twillingsons, ganymede, garrymore, turn in trot and  
trot. But old pairamere goes it a gallop, a gallop. Bossford and  
phospherine. One to one on!

O, O, her fairy setalite! Casting such shadows to Persia’s  
blind! The man in the street can see the coming event. Photo-  
flashing it far too wide. It will be known through all Urania soon.  
Like jealousjoy titaning fear; like rumour rhean round the planets;  
like china’s dragon snapping japets; like rhodagrey up the east.  
Satyrdaysboost besets Phoebe’s nearest. Here’s the flood and the  
flaxen flood that’s to come over helpless Irryland. Is there no-one  
to malahide Liv and her bettyship? Or who’ll buy her rosebuds,  
jettyblack rosebuds, ninsloes of nivia, nonpaps of nan? From the  
fall of the fig to doom’s last post every ephemeral anniversary while  
the park’s police peels peering by for to weight down morrals from  
county bubblin. That trainer’s trundling! Quick, pay up!

Kickakick. She had to kick a laugh. At her old stick-in-the-  
block. The way he was slogging his paunch about, elbiduubled,  
meet oft mate on, like hale King Willow, the robberer. Cain-  
maker’s mace and waxened capapee. But the tarrant’s brand on  
his hottoweyt brow. At half past quick in the morning. And her  
lamp was all askew and a trumbly wick-in-her, ringeysingey.  
She had to spofforth, she had to kicker, too thick of the wick  
of her pixy’s loomph, wide lickering jessup the smooky shiminey.  
And her duffed coverpoint of a wickedy batter, whenever she  
druv behind her stumps for a tyddlesly wink through his tunnil-  
clefft bagslops after the rising bounder’s yorkers, as he studd and%j%

