format: snippet


%ni%own sweet boosy love, which he puts his feeler to me behind  
the beggar’s bush, does Freda, don’t you be an emugee! Carry-  
one, he says, though we marooned through this woylde. We  
must spy a half a hind on honeysuckler now his old face’s  
hardalone wiv his defences down during his wappin stillstand,  
says my Fred, and Jamessime here which, pip it, she simply must,  
she says, our pet, she’ll do a retroussy from her point of view  
(Way you fly! Like a frush!) to keep her flouncies off the  
grass while paying the wetmenots a musichall visit and pair her  
fiefighs fore him with just one curl after the cad came back which  
we fought he wars a gunner and his corkiness lay up two bottles  
of joy with a shandy had by Fred and a fino oloroso which he  
was warming to, my right, Jimmy, my old brown freer?%—%Whose dolour, O so mine!

Following idly up to seepoint, neath kingmount shadow the  
ilk for eke of us, whose nathem’s banned, whose hofd a-hooded,  
welkim warsail, how di’ you dew? Hollymerry, ivysad, whicher  
and whoer, Mr Black Atkins and you tanapanny troopertwos,  
were you there? Was truce of snow, moonmounded snow? Or  
did wolken hang o’er earth in umber hue his fulmenbomb?  
Number two coming! Full inside! Was glimpsed the mean  
amount of cloud? Or did pitter rain fall in a sprinkling? If the  
waters could speak as they flow! Timgle Tom, pall the bell!  
Izzy’s busy down the dell! Mizpah low, youyou, number  
one, in deep humidity! Listen, misled peerless, please! You  
are of course. You miss him so, to listleto! Of course, my  
pledge between us, there’s no-one Noel like him here to  
hear. Esch so eschess, douls a doulse! Since Allan Rogue  
loved Arrah Pogue it’s all Killdoughall fair. Triss! Only trees  
such as these such were those, waving there, the barketree, the  
o’briertree, the rowantree, the o’corneltree, the behanshrub near  
windy arbour, the magill o’dendron more. Trem! All the trees  
in the wood they trembold, humbild, when they heard the stop-  
press from domday’s erewold.

Tiss! Two pretty mistletots ribboned to a tree, up rose libe-  
rator and, fancy, they were free! Four witty missywives, wink-%j%

