format: snippet


%ni%he was never too oft for old Sarum): terminals four my staties  
were, the Geenar, the Greasouwea, the Debwickweck, the Mif-  
greawis. And I sept up twinminsters, the pro and the con, my  
stavekirks wove so norcely of peeled wands and attachatouchy  
floodmud, now all loosebrick and stonefest, freely masoned  
arked for covennanters and shinners’ rifuge: descent from above  
on us, Hagiasofia of Astralia, our orisons thy nave and absedes,  
our aeone tone aeones thy studvaast vault; Hams, circuitise!  
Shemites, retrace!: horns, hush! no barkeys! hereround is’t  
holied!: all truanttrulls made I comepull, all rubbeling gnomes  
I pushed, gowgow: Cassels, Redmond, Gandon, Deane, Shep-  
perd, Smyth, Neville, Heaton, Stoney, Foley, Farrell, Vnost with  
Thorneycroft and Hogan too: sprids serve me! gobelins guard!:  
tect my tileries (O tribes! O gentes!), keep my keep, the peace  
of my four great ways: oathiose infernals to Booth Salvation,  
arcane celestials to Sweatenburgs Welhell!! My seven wynds I  
trailed to maze her and ever a wynd had saving closes and all these  
closes flagged with the gust, hoops for her, hatsoff for him and  
ruffles through Neeblow’s garding: and that was why Blabus was  
razing his wall and eltering the suzannes of his nighboors: and  
thirdly, for ewigs, I did reform and restore for my smuggy  
piggiesknees, my sweet coolocked, my auburn coyquailing one,  
her paddypalace on the crossknoll with massgo bell, sixton  
clashcloshant, duominous and muezzatinties to commind the fit-  
ful: doom adimdim adoom adimadim: and the oragel of the lauds  
to tellforth’s glory: and added thereunto a shallow laver to slub  
out her hellfire and posied windows for her oriel house: gospelly  
pewmillieu, christous pewmillieu: zackbutts babazounded, ollguns  
tararulled: and she sass her nach, chillybombom and forty bon-  
nets, upon the altarstane. May all have mossyhonours!
%—%Hoke!
%—%Hoke!
%—%Hoke!
%—%Hoke!
%—%And wholehail, snaeffell, dreardrizzle or sleetshowers of bless-  
ing, where it froze in chalix eller swum in the vestry, with fairskin%j%

