format: snippet


%ni%wind on the road outside for to wake all shivering shanks from  
snorring.

But. Oom Godd his villen, who will he be, this mitryman, some  
king of the yeast, in his chrismy greyed brunzewig, with the snow  
in his mouth and the caspian asthma, so bulk of build? Relics of  
pharrer and livite! Dik Gill, Tum Lung or Macfinnan’s cool  
Harryng? He has only his hedcosycasket on and his wollsey  
shirtplisse with peascod doublet, also his feet wear doubled width  
socks for he always must to insure warm sleep between a pair of  
fullyfleeced bankers like a finnoc in a cauwl. Can thus be Misthra  
Norkmann that keeps our hotel? Begor, Mr O’Sorgmann, you’re  
looking right well! Hecklar’s champion ethnicist. How deft as a  
fuchser schouws daft as a fish! He’s the dibble’s own doges for  
doublin existents! But a jolly fine daysent form of one word.  
He’s rounding up on his family.

And who is the bodikin by him, sir? So voulzievalsshie? With  
ybbs and zabs? Her trixiestrail is tripping her, vop! Luck at the  
way for the lucre of smoke she’s looping the lamp! Why, that’s  
old missness wipethemdry! Well, well, wellsowells! Donau-  
watter! Ardechious me! With her halfbend as proud as a peahen,  
allabalmy, and her troutbeck quiverlipe, ninyananya. And her  
steptojazyma’s culunder buzztle. Happy tea area, naughtygay  
frew! Selling sunlit sopes to washtout winches and rhaincold  
draughts to the props of his pubs. She tired lipping the swells at  
Pont Delisle till she jumped the boom at Brounemouth. Now  
she’s borrid his head under Hatesbury’s Hatch and loamed his  
fate to old Love Lane. And she’s just the same old haporth of  
dripping. She’s even brennt her hair.

Which route are they going? Why? Angell sitter or Amen  
Corner, Norwood’s Southwalk or Euston Waste? The solvent  
man in his upper gambeson withnot a breth against him and the  
wee wiping womanahoussy. They’re coming terug their dia-  
mond wedding tour, giant’s inchly elfkin’s ell, vesting their char-  
acters vixendevolment, andens aller, athors err, our first day man  
and your dresser and mine, that Luxuumburgher evec cettehis  
Alzette, konyglik shire with his queensh countess, Stepney’s%j%

