format: snippet


%ni%tody. Cal it off. Godnotch, vryboily. End a muddy crushmess!  
Abbreciades anew York gustoms. Kyow! Tak.
%—%Tiktak. Tikkak.
%—%Awind abuzz awater falling.
%—%Poor a cowe his jew placator.
%—%It’s the damp damp damp.
%—%Calm has entered. Big big Calm, announcer. It is most  
ernst terooly a moresome intartenment. Colt’s tooth! I will give  
tandsel to it. I protest there is luttrelly not one teaspoonspill of  
evidence at bottomlie to my babad, as you shall see, as this is.  
Keemun Lapsang of first pickings. And I contango can take off  
my dudud dirtynine articles of quoting here in Pynix Park be-  
fore those in heaven to provost myself, by gramercy of justness,  
I mean veryman and moremon, stiff and staunch for ever, and  
enter under the advicies from Misrs Norris, Southby, Yates and  
Weston, Inc, to their favoured client, into my preprotestant caveat  
against the pupup publication of libel by any tixtim tipsyloon or  
tobtomtowley of Keisserse Lean (a bloweyed lanejoymt, waring  
lowbelt suit, with knockbrecky kenees and bullfist rings round  
him and a fallse roude axehand (he is cunvesser to Saunter’s  
Nocelettres and the Poe’s Toffee’s Directory in his pisness), the  
best begrudged man in Belgradia who doth not belease to our  
paviour) to my nonesuch, that highest personage at moments  
holding down the throne. So to speak of beauty scouts in elegant  
pursuit of flowers, searchers for tabernacles and the celluloid art!  
Happen seen sore eynes belived? The caca cad! He walked by  
North Strand with his Thom’s towel in hand. Snakeeye! Strangler  
of soffiacated green parrots! I protest it that he is, by my  
wipehalf. He was leaving out of my double inns while he was all  
teppling over my single ixits. So was keshaned on for his recent  
behaviour. Sherlook is lorking for him. Allare beltspanners.  
Get your air curt! Shame upon Private M! Shames on his ful-  
someness! Shamus on his atkinscum’s lulul lying suulen for an  
outcast mastiff littered in blood currish! Eristocras till Hanging  
Tower! Steck a javelin through his advowtried heart! Instaun-  
ton! Flap, my Larrybird! Dangle, my highflyer! Jiggety jig my%j%

