format: snippet


%ni%after to queen’s lead. Promiscuous Omebound to Fiammelle la  
Diva. Huff! His move. Blackout.

Circus. Corridor.

Shifting scene. Wall flats: sink and fly. Spotlight working wall  
cloths. Spill playing rake and bridges. Room to sink: stairs to  
sink behind room. Two pieces. Haying after queue. Replay.

The old humburgh looks a thing incomplete so. It is so. On its  
dead. But it will pawn up a fine head of porter when it is finished.  
In the quicktime. The castle arkwright put in a chequered staircase  
certainly. It has only one square step, to be steady, yet notwith-  
stumbling are they stalemating backgammoner supstairs by skips  
and trestles tiltop double corner. Whist while and game.

What scenic artist! It is ideal residence for realtar. By hims  
ingang tilt tinkt a tunning bell that Limen Mr, that Boggey  
Godde, be airwaked. Lingling, lingling. Be their maggies in all.  
Chump, do your ephort. Shop! Please shop! Shop ado please!  
O ado please shop! How hominous his house, haunt it? Yesses  
indead it be! Nogen, of imperial measure, is begraved beneadher.  
Here are his naggins poured, his alladim lamps. Around the  
bloombiered, booty with the bedst. For them whom he have  
fordone make we newly thankful!

Tell me something. The Porters, so to speak, after their  
shadowstealers in the newsbaggers, are very nice people, are they  
not? Very, all fourlike tellt. And on this wise, Mr, Porter (Bar-  
tholomew, heavy man, astern, mackerel shirt, hayamatt peruke)  
is an excellent forefather and Mrs Porter (leading lady, a  
poopahead, gaffneysaffron nightdress, iszoppy chepelure) is a  
most kindhearted messmother. A so united family pateramater  
is not more existing on papel or off of it. As keymaster fits the  
lock it weds so this bally builder to his streamline secret. They  
care for nothing except everything that is allporterous. Porto  
da Brozzo! Isn’t that terribly nice of them? You can ken that they  
come of a rarely old family by their costumance and one must  
togive that one supped of it in all tonearts from awe to zest. I  
think I begin to divine so much. Only snakkest me truesome! I  
stone us I’m hable.

