format: snippet


Hush! The other, twined on codliverside, has been crying in  
his sleep, making sharpshape his inscissors on some first choice  
sweets fished out of the muck. A stake in our mead. What a  
teething wretch! How his book of craven images! Here are post-  
humious tears on his intimelle. And he has pipettishly bespilled  
himself from his foundingpen as illspent from inkinghorn. He is  
jem job joy pip poo pat (jot um for a sobrat!) Jerry Jehu. You will  
know him by name in the capers but you cannot see whose heel he  
sheepfolds in his wrought hand because I have not told it to you.  
O, foetal sleep! Ah, fatal slip! the one loved, the other left, the  
bride of pride leased to the stranger!He will be quite within the pale  
when with lordbeeron brow he vows him so tosset to be of the sir  
Blake tribes bleak while through life’s unblest he rodes backs of  
bannars. Are you not somewhat bulgar with your bowels?  
Whatever do you mean with bleak? With pale blake I write tint-  
ingface. O, you do? And with steelwhite and blackmail I ha’scint  
for my sweet an anemone’s letter with a gold of my bridest hair  
betied. Donatus his mark, address as follows. So you did? From  
the Cat and Cage. O, I see and see! In the ink of his sweat  
he will find it yet. What Gipsy Devereux vowed to Lylian and  
why the elm and how the stone. You never may know in the  
preterite all perhaps that you would not believe that you ever  
even saw to be about to. Perhaps. But they are two very blizky  
little portereens after their bredscrums, Jerkoff and Eatsup, as  
for my part opinion indeed. They would be born so, costarred,  
puck and prig, the maryboy at Donnybrook Fair, the godolphing-  
lad in the Hoy’s Court. How frilled one shall be as at taledold of  
Formio and Cigalette! What folly innocents! Theirs whet pep of  
puppyhood! Both barmhearts shall become yeastcake by their  
brackfest. I will to leave a my copperwise blessing between the  
pair of them, for rosengorge, for greenafang. Blech and tin soldies,  
weals in a sniffbox. Som’s wholed, all’s parted. Weeping shouldst  
not thou be when man falls but that divine scheming ever adoring  
be. So you be either man or mouse and you be neither fish nor  
flesh. Take. And take. Vellicate nyche! Be ones as wes for gives for  
gives now the hour of passings sembles quick with quelled. Adieu,  
soft adieu, for these nice presents, kerryjevin. Still tosorrow!

