format: snippet


%ni%who erred in having down to gibbous disdag our darling breed.  
And then the confisieur for the boob’s indulligence. As sunctioned  
for his salmenbog by the Councillors-om-Trent. Pave Pannem  
at his gaiter’s bronze! Nummer half dreads Log Laughty. Mas-  
ter’s gunne he warrs the bedst. I messaged his dilltoyds sause-  
pander mussels on the kisschen table. With my ironing duck  
through his rollpins of gansyfett, do dodo doughdy dough, till  
he was braising red in the toastface with lovensoft eyebulbs and  
his kiddledrum steeming and rattling like the roasties in my  
mockamill. I awed to have scourched his Abarm’s brack for him.  
For the loaf of Obadiah, take your pastryart’s noas out of me  
flouer bouckuet! Of the strainger scene you given squeezers to  
me skillet! As cream of the hearth thou reinethst alhome. His  
lapper and libbers was glue goulewed as he sizzled there watch-  
ing me lautterick’s pitcher by Wexford-Atelier as Katty and  
Lanner, the refined souprette, with my bust alla brooche and the  
padbun under my matelote, showing my jigotty sleeves and all  
my new toulong touloosies. Whisk! There’s me shims and here’s  
me hams and this is me juppettes, gause be the meter! Whisk!  
What’s this? Whisk! And that? He never cotched finer, balay  
me, at Romiolo Frullini’s flea pantamine out of Griddle-the-Sink  
or Shusies-with-her-Soles-Up or La Sauzerelly, the pucieboots,  
when I started so hobmop ladlelike, highty tighty, to kick the  
time off the cluckclock lucklock quamquam camcam potapot  
panapan kickakickkack. Hairhorehounds, shake up pfortner.  
Fuddling fun for Fullacan’s sake!
%—%All halt! Sponsor programme and close down. That’s  
enough, genral, of finicking about Finnegan and fiddling with  
his faddles. A final ballot, guvnor, to remove all doubt. By sylph  
and salamander and all the trolls and tritons, I mean to top her  
drive and to tip the tap of this, at last. His thoughts that wouldbe  
words, his livings that havebeen deeds. And will too, by the holy  
child of Coole, primapatriock of the archsee, if I have at first  
to down every mask in Trancenania from Terreterry’s Hole to  
Stutterers’ Corner to find that Yokeoff his letter, this Yokan his  
dahet. Pass the jousters of the king, the Kovnor-Journal and%j%

