format: snippet


%ni%Mine name’s Apnorval and o’er the Grandbeyond Mountains.  
Bravossimost! The royal nusick their show shall shut with song-  
slide to nature’s solemn silence. Deep Dalchi Dolando! Might  
gentle harp addurge! It will give piketurns on the tummlipplads  
and forain dances and crosshurdles and dollmanovers and viceuv-  
ious pyrolyphics, a snow of dawnflakes, at darkfall for Grace’s  
Mamnesty and our fancy ladies, all assombred. Some wholetime in  
hot town tonight! You do not have heard? It stays in book  
of that which is. I have heard anyone tell it jesterday (master  
currier with brassard was’t) how one should come on morrow  
here but it is never here that one today. Well but remind to think,  
you where yestoday Ys Morganas war and that it is always to-  
morrow in toth’s tother’s place. Amen.

True! True! Vouchsafe me more soundpicture! It gives furi-  
ously to think. Is rich Mr Pornter, a squire, not always in his such  
strong health? I thank you for the best, he is in taken deal ex-  
ceedingly herculeneous. One sees how he is lot stoutlier than of  
formerly. One would say him to hold whole a litteringture of  
kidlings under his aproham. Has handsome Sir Pournter always  
been so long married? O yes, Lord Pournterfamilias has been  
marryingman ever since so long time in Hurtleforth, where he  
appeers as our oily the active, and, yes indeed, he has his mic son  
and his two fine mac sons and a superfine mick want they mack  
metween them. She, she, she! But on what do you again leer? I am  
not leering, I pink you pardons. I am highly sheshe sherious.

Do you not must want to go somewhere on the present?  
Yes, O pity! At earliest moment! That prickly heat feeling! For-  
think not me spill it’s at always so guey. Here we shall do a  
far walk (O pity) anygo khaibits till the number one of sairey’s  
place. Is, is. I want you to admire her sceneries illustrationing  
our national first rout, one ought ought one. We shall too  
downlook on that ford whcre Sylvanus Sanctus washed but  
hurdley those tips of his anointeds. Do not show ever retrorsehim,  
crockodeyled, till that you become quite crimstone in the face!  
Beware! guardafew! It is Stealer of the Heart! I am anxious in  
regard you should everthrown your sillarsalt. I will dui sui, tef-%j%

