format: snippet

%—%Sample! Sample!
%—%Have you ever weflected, wepowtew, that the evil what  
though it was willed might nevewtheless lead somehow on to  
good towawd the genewality?
%—%A pwopwo of haster meets waster and talking of plebiscites  
by a show of hands, whether declaratory or effective, in all  
seriousness, has it become to dawn in you yet that the deponent,  
the man from Saint Yves, may have been (one is reluctant to use  
the passive voiced) may be been as much sinned against as sin-  
ning, for if we look at it verbally perhaps there is no true noun in  
active nature where every bally being%—%please read this mufto  
%—%is becoming in its owntown eyeballs. Now the long form and  
the strong form and reform alltogether!
%—%Hotchkiss Culthur’s Everready, one brother to never-  
reached, well over countless hands, sieur of many winners and  
losers, groomed by S. Samson and son, bred by dilalahs, will  
stand at Bay (Dublin) from nun till dan and vites inversion and  
at Miss or Mrs’s MacMannigan’s Yard.
%—%Perhaps you can explain, sagobean? The Mod needs a  
rebus.
%—%Pro general continuation and in particular explication to  
your singular interrogation our asseveralation. Ladiegent, pals  
will smile but me and Frisky Shorty, my inmate friend, as is un-  
common struck on poplar poetry, and a few fleabesides round at  
West Pauper Bosquet, was glad to be back again with the chaps  
and just arguing friendlylike at the Doddercan Easehouse having  
a wee chatty with our hosty in his comfy estably over the old  
middlesex party and his moral turps, meaning flu, pock, pox  
and mizzles, grip, gripe, gleet and sprue, caries, rabies, numps  
and dumps. What me and Frisky in our concensus and the whole  
double gigscrew of suscribers, notto say the burman, having  
successfully concluded our tour of bibel, wants to know is thisa-  
here. Supposing, for an ethical fict, him, which the findings  
showed, to have taken his epscene licence before the norsect’s  
divisional respectively as regards them male privates and or  
concomitantly with all common or neuter respects to them%j%

