format: snippet


%ni%skirts of city. Groove two. Chamber scene. Boxed. Ordinary bed-  
room set. Salmonpapered walls. Back, empty Irish grate, Adam’s  
mantel, with wilting elopement fan, soot and tinsel, condemned.  
North, wall with window practicable. Argentine in casement  
Vamp. Pelmit above. No curtains. Blind drawn. South, party wall  
Bed for two with strawberry bedspread, wickerworker clubsessel  
and caneseated millikinstool. Bookshrine without, facetowel upon.  
Chair for one. Woman’s garments on chair. Man’s trousers with  
crossbelt braces, collar on bedknob. Man’s corduroy surcoat with  
tabrets and taces, seapan nacre buttons on nail. Woman’s gown  
on ditto. Over mantelpiece picture of Michael, lance, slaying  
Satan, dragon with smoke. Small table near bed, front. Bed with  
bedding. Spare. Flagpatch quilt. Yverdown design. Limes.  
Lighted lamp without globe, scarf, gazette, tumbler, quantity  
of water, julepot, ticker, side props, eventuals, man’s gummy  
article, pink.

A time.

Act: dumbshow.

Closeup. Leads.

Man with nightcap, in bed, fore. Woman, with curlpins, hind.  
Discovered. Side point of view. First position of harmony. Say!  
Eh? Ha! Check action. Matt. Male partly masking female. Man  
looking round, beastly expression, fishy eyes, paralleliped  
homoplatts, ghazometron pondus, exhibits rage. Business. Ruddy  
blond, Armenian bole, black patch, beer wig, gross build,  
episcopalian, any age. Woman, sitting, looks at ceiling, haggish  
expression, peaky nose, trekant mouth, fithery wight, exhibits  
fear. Welshrabbit teint, Nubian shine, nasal fossette, turfy tuft,  
undersized, free kirk, no age. Closeup. Play!

Callboy. Cry off Tabler. Her move.

Footage.

By the sinewy forequarters of the mare Pocahontas and by the  
white shoulders of Finnuala you should have seen how that  
smart sallowlass just hopped a nanny’s gambit out of bunk like  
old mother Mesopotomac and in eight and eight sixtyfour she  
was off, door, knightlamp with her, billy’s largelimbs prodgering%j%

