format: snippet


Vah! Suvarn Sur! Scatter brand to the reneweller of the sky,  
thou who agnitest! Dah! Arcthuris comeing! Be! Verb umprin-  
cipiant through the trancitive spaces! Kilt by kelt shell kithagain  
with kinagain. We elect for thee, Tirtangel. Svadesia salve! We  
Durbalanars, theeadjure. A way, the Margan, from our astamite,  
through dimdom done till light kindling light has led we hopas  
but hunt me the journeyon, iteritinerant, the kal his course,  
amid the semitary of Somnionia. Even unto Heliotropolis, the  
castellated, the enchanting. Now if soomone felched a twoel  
and soomonelses warmet watter we could, while you was saying  
Morkret Miry or Smud, Brunt and Rubbinsen, make sunlike  
sylp om this warful dune’s battam. Yet clarify begins at. Whither  
the spot for? Whence the hour by? See but! Lever hulme! Take  
in. Respassers should be pursaccoutred. Qui stabat Meins quan-  
tum qui stabat Peins. As of yours. We annew. Our shades of  
minglings mengle them and help help horizons. A flasch and,  
rasch, it shall come to pasch, as hearth by hearth leaps live. For  
the tanderest stock with the rosinost top Ahlen Hill’s, clubpub-  
ber, in general stores and. Atriathroughwards, Lugh the  
Brathwacker will be the listened after and he larruping sparks out of  
his teiney ones. The spearspid of dawnfire totouches ain the  
tablestoane ath the centre of the great circle of the macroliths of  
Helusbelus in the boshiman brush on this our peneplain by Fan-  
galuvu Bight whence the horned cairns erge, stanserstanded,  
to floran frohn, idols of isthmians. Overwhere. Gaunt grey  
ghostly gossips growing grubber in the glow. Past now pulls.  
Cur one beast, even Dane the Great, may treadspath with  
sniffer he snout impursuant to byelegs. Edar’s chuckal humuristic.  
But why pit the cur afore the noxe? Let shrill their duan  
Gallus, han, and she, hou the Sassqueehenna, makes ducks-  
runs at crooked. Once for the chantermale, twoce for the pother  
and once twoce threece for the waither. So an inedible yellow-  
meat turns out the invasable blackth. Kwhat serves to rob with  
Alliman, saelior, a turnkeyed trot to Seapoint, pierrotettes, means  
Noel’s Bar and Julepunsch, by Joge, if you’ve tippertaps in your  
head or starting kursses, tailour, you’re silenced at Henge Ceol-%j%

