format: snippet


%ni%stoddard and trutted and trumpered, to see had lordherry’s  
blackham’s red bobby abbels, it tickled her innings to consort  
pitch at kicksolock in the morm. Tipatonguing him on in her  
pigeony linguish, with a flick at the bails for lubrication, to scorch  
her faster, faster. Ye hek, ye hok, ye hucky hiremonger! Magrath  
he’s my pegger, he is, for bricking up all my old kent road.  
He’ll win your toss, flog your old tom’s bowling and I darr ye,  
barrackybuller, to break his duck! He’s posh. I lob him. We’re  
parring all Oogster till the empsyseas run googlie. Declare to  
ashes and teste his metch! Three for two will do for me and he  
for thee and she for you. Goeasyosey, for the grace of the fields,  
or hooley pooley, cuppy, we’ll both be bye and by caught in the  
slips for fear he’d tyre and burst his dunlops and waken her  
bornybarnies making his boobybabies. The game old merri-  
mynn, square to leg, with his lolleywide towelhat and his hobbsy  
socks and his wisden’s bosse and his norsery pinafore and his  
gentleman’s grip and his playaboy’s plunge and his flannelly  
feelyfooling, treading her hump and hambledown like a maiden  
wellheld, ovalled over, with her crease where the pads of her  
punishments ought to be by womanish rights when, keek, the hen  
in the doran’s shantyqueer began in a kikkery key to laugh it  
off, yeigh, yeigh, neigh, neigh, the way she was wuck to doodle-  
doo by her gallows bird (how’s that? Noball, he carries his bat!)  
nine hundred and dirty too not out, at all times long past con-  
quering cock of the morgans.

How blame us?

Cocorico!

Armigerend everfasting horde. Rico! So the bill to the bowe.  
As the belle to the beau. We herewith pleased returned auditors’  
thanks for those and their favours since safely enjoined. Coco-  
ree! Tellaman tillamie. Tubbernacul in tipherairy, sons, travel-  
lers in company and their carriageable tochters, tanks tight anne  
thynne for her contractations tugowards his personeel. Echo,  
choree chorecho! O I you O you me! Well, we all unite thought-  
fully in rendering gratias, well, between loves repassed, begging  
your honour’s pardon for, well, exclusive pigtorial rights of here-%j%

