format: snippet


%ni%what brilliant bridgecloths and joking up with his tonguespitz  
to the crimosing balkonladies, here’s a help undo their modest  
stays with a fullbelow may the funnyfeelbelong. Oddsbones,  
that may it! Carilloners will ring their gluckspeels. Rng rng!  
Rng rng! S. Presbutt-in-the-North, S. Mark Underloop,  
S. Lorenz-by-the-Toolechest, S. Nicholas Myre. You shall  
hark to anune S. Gardener, S. George-le-Greek, S. Barclay  
Moitered, S. Phibb, Iona-in-the-Fields with Paull-the-Aposteln.  
And audialterand: S. Jude-at-Gate, Bruno Friars, S. Weslen-  
on-the-Row, S. Molyneux Without, S. Mary Stillamaries with  
Bride-and-Audeons-behind-Wardborg. How chimant in effect!  
Alla tingaling pealabells! So a many of churches one cannot  
pray own’s prayers. ’Tis holyyear’s day! Juin jully we may!  
Agithetta and Tranquilla shall demure umclaused but Marl-  
borough-the-Less, Greatchrist and Holy Protector shall have  
open virgilances. Beata Basilica! But will be not pontifi-  
cation? Dock, dock, agame! Primatially. At wateredge. Can-  
taberra and Neweryork may supprecate when, by vepers, for  
towned and travalled, his goldwhite swaystick aloft ylifted,  
umbrilla-parasoul, Monsigneur of Deublan shall impart to all.  
Benedictus benedicat! To board! And mealsight! Unjoint him  
this bittern, frust me this chicken, display yon crane, thigh her  
her pigeon, unlace allay rabbit and pheasant! Sing: Old Finncoole,  
he’s a mellow old saoul when he swills with his fuddlers free!  
Poppop array! For we’re all jollygame fellhellows which no-  
bottle can deny! Here be trouts culponed for ye and salmons  
chined and sturgeons tranched, sanced capons, lobsters barbed.  
Call halton eatwords! Mumm me moe mummers! What, no  
Ithalians? How, not one Moll Pamelas? Accordingly! Play actors  
by us ever have crash to their gate. Mr Messop and Mr Borry will  
produce of themselves, as they’re two genitalmen of Veruno,  
Senior Nowno and Senior Brolano (finaly! finaly!), all for love of  
a fair penitent that, a she be broughton, rhoda’s a rosy she. Their  
two big skins! How they strave to gat her! Such a boyplay! Their  
bouchicaulture! What tyronte power! Buy our fays! My name is  
novel and on the Granby in hills. Bravose! Thou traitor slave!%j%

