format: snippet


%ni%Mauser Misma shall cease to stretch her and come abroad for what  
the blinkins is to be seen. A ruber, a rancher, a fullvide, a veri-  
dust and as crerdulous behind as he was before behind a damson  
of a sloe cooch. Mbv! The annamation of evabusies, the livlia-  
ness of her laughings, such as a plurity of bells! Have peacience,  
pray you! Place to dames! Even the Lady Victoria Landauner  
will leave to loll and parasol, all giddied into gushgasps with her  
dickey standing. Britus and Gothius shall no more joustle for  
that sonneplace but mark one autonement when, with si so silent,  
Cloudia Aiduolcis, good and dewed up, shall let fall, yes, no, yet,  
now, a rain. Muchsias grapcias! It is how sweet from her, the  
wispful, and they are soon seen swopsib so a sautril as a meise.  
Its ist not the tear on this movent sped. Tix sixponce! Poum!  
Hool poll the bull? Fool pay the bill. Becups a can full. Peal, pull  
the bell! Still sayeme of ceremonies, much much more! So please-  
your! It stands in Instopressible how Meynhir Mayour, our  
boorgomaister, thon staunch Thorsman, (our Nancy’s fancy, our  
own Nanny’s Big Billy), his hod hoisted, in best bib and tucker,  
with Woolington bottes over buckram babbishkis and his clouded  
cane and necknoose aureal, surrounded of his full cooperation  
with fixed baronets and meng our pueblos, restrained by chain of  
hands from pinchgut, hoghill, darklane, gibbetmeade and beaux  
and laddes and bumbellye, shall receive Dom King at broadstone  
barrow meet a keys of goodmorrow on to his pompey cushion.  
Me amble dooty to your grace’s majers! Arise, sir Pompkey  
Dompkey! Ear! Ear! Weakear! An allness eversides! We but  
miss that horse elder yet cherchant of the wise graveleek in  
cabbuchin garden. That his be foison, old Caubeenhauben!  
’Twill be tropic of all days. By the splendour of Sole! Perfect  
weatherest prevailing. Thisafter, swift’s mightmace deposing, he  
shall aidress to His Serenemost by a speechreading from his  
miniated vellum, alfi byrni gamman dealter etcera zezera eacla  
treacla youghta kaptor lomdom noo, who meaningwhile that  
illuminatured one, Papyroy of Pepinregn, my Sire, great, big King,  
(his scaffold is there set up, as to edify, by Rex Ingram, pageant-  
master) will be poking out with his canule into the arras of%j%

