format: snippet


%ni%the wood industries in our courts of litigation. D’Oyly Owens  
holds (though Finn Magnusson of himself holds also) that so  
long as there is a joint deposit account in the two names a  
mutual obligation is posited. Owens cites Brerfuchs and Warren,  
a foreign firm, since disseized, registered as Tangos, Limited,  
for the sale of certain proprietary articles. The action which was  
at the instance of the trustee of the heathen church emergency  
fund, suing by its trustee, a resigned civil servant, for the pay-  
ment of tithes due was heard by Judge Doyle and also by a com-  
mon jury. No question arose as to the debt for which vouchers  
spoke volumes. The defence alleged that payment had been made  
effective. The fund trustee, one Jucundus Fecundus Xero Pecun-  
dus Coppercheap, counterclaimed that payment was invalid  
having been tendered to creditor under cover of a crossed cheque,  
signed in the ordinary course, in the name of Wieldhelm, Hurls  
Cross, voucher copy provided, and drawn by the senior partner  
only by whom the lodgment of the species had been effected but  
in their joint names. The bank particularised, the national misery  
(now almost entirely in the hands of the four chief bondholders  
for value in Tangos), declined to pay the draft, though there  
were ample reserves to meet the liability, whereupon the trusty  
Coppercheap negociated it for and on behalf of the fund of the  
thing to a client of his, a notary, from whom, on consideration, he  
received in exchange legal relief as between trusthee and bethrust,  
with thanks. Since then the cheque, a good washable pink, em-  
bossed D you D No 11 hundred and thirty 2, good for the figure  
and face, had been circulating in the country for over thirtynine  
years among holders of Pango stock, a rival concern, though not  
one demonetised farthing had ever spun or fluctuated across the  
counter in the semblance of hard coin or liquid cash. The jury (a  
sour dozen of stout fellows all of whom were curiously named  
after doyles) naturally disagreed jointly and severally, and the  
belligerent judge, disagreeing with the allied jurors’ disagree-  
ment, went outside his jurisfiction altogether and ordered a gar-  
nishee attachment to the neutral firm. No mandamus could lo-  
cate the depleted whilom Breyfawkes as he had entered into an%j%

