format: snippet


%ni%ing under hoods, made lasses like lads love maypoleriding and  
dotted our green with tricksome couples, fiftyfifty, their chil-  
tren’s hundred. So childish pence took care of parents’ pounds  
and many made money the way in the world where rushroads  
to riches crossed slums of lice and, the cause of it all, he forged  
himself ahead like a blazing urbanorb, brewing treble to drown  
grief, giving and taking mayom and tuam, playing milliards with  
his three golden balls, making party capital out of landed self-  
interest, light on a slavey but weighty on the bourse, our hugest  
commercial emporialist, with his sons booing home from afar  
and his daughters bridling up at his side. Finner!

How did he bank it up, swank it up, the whaler in the punt,  
a guinea by a groat, his index on the balance and such wealth  
into the bargain, with the boguey which he snatched in the  
baggage coach ahead? Going forth on the prowl, master jackill,  
under night and creeping back, dog to hide, over morning.  
Humbly to fall and cheaply to rise, exposition of failures.  
Through Duffy’s blunders and MacKenna’s insurance for upper  
ten and lower five the band played on. As one generation tells  
another. Ofter the fall. First for a change of a seven days license  
he wandered out of his farmer’s health and so lost his early  
parishlife. Then (’twas in fenland) occidentally of a sudden, six  
junelooking flamefaces straggled wild out of their turns through  
his parsonfired wicket, showing all shapes of striplings in sleepless  
tights. Promptly whomafter in undated times, very properly a  
dozen generations anterior to themselves, a main chanced to burst  
and misflooded his fortunes, wrothing foulplay over his fives’  
court and his fine poultryyard wherein were spared a just two of  
a feather in wading room only. Next, upon due reflotation, up  
started four hurrigan gales to smithereen his plateglass house-  
walls and the slate for accounts his keeper was cooking. Then  
came three boy buglehorners who counterbezzled and cross-  
bugled him. Later on in the same evening two hussites ab-  
sconded through a breach in his bylaws and left him, the infidels,  
to pay himself off in kind remembrances. Till, ultimatehim, fell  
the crowning barleystraw, when an explosium of his distilleries%j%

