format: snippet


%ni%Seven ills so barely as centripunts havd I habt, seaventy seavens  
for circumference inkeptive are your hill prospect. Braid Black-  
fordrock, the Calton, the Liberton, Craig and Lockhart’s, A.  
Costofino, R. Thursitt. The chort of Nicholas Within was my  
guide and I raised a dome on the wherewithouts of Michan: by  
awful tors my wellworth building sprang sky spearing spires,  
cloud cupoled campaniles: further this. By fineounce and im-  
posts I got and grew and by grossscruple gat I grown outreaches-  
ly: murage and lestage were my mains for Ouerlord’s tithing  
and my drains for render and prender the doles and the tribute:  
I was merely out of my mint with all the percussors on my  
braincap till I struck for myself and muched morely by token: to  
Sirrherr of Gambleden ruddy money, to Madame of Pitymount  
I loue yous. Paybads floriners moved in hugheknots against us and  
I matt them, pepst to papst, barthelemew: milreys (mark!) on-  
fell, and (Luc!) I arose Daniel in Leonden. Bulafests onvied me,  
Corkcuttas graatched. Atabey! I braved Brien Berueme to berow  
him against the Loughlins, all her tolkies shraking: Fugabollags!  
Lusqu’au bout! If they had ire back of eyeball they got danage  
on front tooth: theres were revelries at ridottos, here was rivalry  
in redoubt: I wegschicked Duke Wellinghof to reshockle Roy  
Shackleton: Walhalloo, Walhalloo, Walhalloo, mourn in plein!  
Under law’s marshall and warschouw did I thole till lead’s  
plumbate, ping on pang, reliefed me. I made praharfeast upon  
acorpolous and fastbroke down in Neederthorpe. I let faireviews  
in on slobodens but ranked rothgardes round wrathmindsers: I  
bathandbaddend on mendicity and I corocured off the unoculated.  
Who can tell their tale whom I filled ad liptum on the plain of  
Soulsbury? With three hunkered peepers and twa and twas!  
For sleeking beauties I spinned their nightinveils, to slumbred  
beast I tummed the thief air. Round the musky moved a mur-  
mel but mewses whinninaird and belluas zoomed: tendulcis  
tunes like water parted fluted up from the westinders while from  
gorges in the east came the strife of ourangoontangues. All in  
my thicville Escuterre ofen was thorough fear but in the meck-  
ling of my burgh Belvaros was the site forbed: tuberclerosies I%j%

