format: snippet


%ni%jackadandyline! Let me never see his waddphez again! And mine  
it was, Barktholed von Hunarig, Soesown of Furrows (hour-,  
springlike his joussture, immitiate my chry! as urs now, so yous.  
then!), when to our lot it fell on my poplar Sexsex, my Sexen-.  
centaurnary, whenby Gate of Hal, before his hostel of the Wodin  
Man, I hestened to freeholdit op to his Mam his Maman, Majus-  
cules, His Magnus Maggerstick, first city’s leasekuays of this  
Nova Tara, our most noble, when hrossbucked on his pricelist  
charger, Pferdinamd Allibuster (yeddonot need light oar till  
Noreway for you fanned one o’er every doorway) with my all-  
bum’s greethims through this whole of my promises, handshakey  
congrandyoulikethems, ecclesency.

Whosaw the jackery dares at handgripper thisa breast? Dose  
makkers ginger. Some one we was with us all fours. Adversarian!  
The spiking Duyvil! First liar in Londsend! Wulv! See you scar-  
gore on that skeepsbrow! And those meisies! Sulken taarts! Man  
sicker at I ere bluffet konservative? Shucks! Such ratshause bugs-  
mess so I cannot barely conceive of! Lowest basemeant in hystry!  
Ibscenest nansence! Noksagt! Per Peeler and Pawr! The broker-  
heartened shugon! Hole affair is rotten muckswinish porcupig’s  
draff. Enouch!
%—%Is that yu, Whitehed?
%—%Have you headnoise now?
%—%Give us your mespilt reception, will yous?
%—%Pass the fish for Christ’s sake!
%—%Old Whitehowth he is speaking again. Ope Eustace tube!  
Pity poor whiteoath! Dear gone mummeries, goby! Tell the  
woyld I have lived true thousand hells. Pity, please, lady, for  
poor O.W. in this profundust snobbing I have caught. Nine dirty  
years mine age, hairs hoar, mummery failend, snowdrift to my  
ellpow, deff as Adder. I askt you, dear lady, to judge on my tree  
by our fruits. I gave you of the tree. I gave two smells, three eats.  
My freeandies, my celeberrimates: my happy bossoms, my all-  
falling fruits of my boom. Pity poor Haveth Childers Every-  
where with Mudder!

That was Communicator, a former colonel. A disincarnated%j%

