format: snippet


%ni%two or three hours of close confabulation, by this pewterpint of  
Gilbey’s goatswhey which is his prime consolation, albeit in-  
volving upon the same no uncertain amount of esophagous re-  
gurgitation, he being personally unpreoccupied to the extent of  
a flea’s gizzard anent eructation, if he was still extremely offen-  
sive to a score and four nostrils’ dilatation, still he was likewise,  
on the other side of him, for some nepmen’s eyes a delectation, as  
he asserts without the least alienation, so prays of his faullt you  
would make obliteration but for our friend behind the bars,  
though like Adam Findlater, a man of estimation, summing him  
up to be done, be what will of excess his exaltation, still we think  
with Sully there can be no right extinuation for contravention  
of common and statute legislation for which the fit remedy  
resides, for Mr Sully, in corporal amputation: so three months for  
Gubbs Jeroboam, the frothwhiskered pest of the park, as per  
act one, section two, schedule three, clause four of the fifth of  
King Jark, this sentence to be carried out tomorrowmorn by  
Nolans Volans at six o’clock shark, and may the yeastwind and  
the hoppinghail malt mercy on his seven honeymeads and his  
hurlyburlygrowth, Amen, says the Clarke;

niece by nice by neat by natty, whilst amongst revery’s happy  
gardens nine with twenty Leixlip yearlings, darters all, had such a  
ripping time with gleeful cries of what is nice toppingshaun made  
of made for and weeping like fun, him to be gone, for they were  
never happier, huhu, than when they were miserable, haha;

in their bed of trial, on the bolster of hardship, by the glimmer  
of memory, under coverlets of cowardice, Albatrus Nyanzer with  
Victa Nyanza, his mace of might mortified, her beautifell hung  
up on a nail, he, Mr of our fathers, she, our moddereen ru arue  
rue, they, ay, by the hodypoker and blazier, they are, as sure as  
dinny drops into the dyke...

A cry off.

Where are we at all? and whenabouts in the name of space?

I don’t understand. I fail to say. I dearsee you too.

House of the cederbalm of mead. Garth of Fyon. Scene and  
property plot. Stagemanager’s prompt. Interior of dwelling on out-%j%

