format: snippet


%ni%waker oats for him on livery. Faurore! Fearhoure! At last it  
past! Loab at cod then herrin or wind thin mong them treen.

Hiss! Which we had only our hazelight-to see with, cert, in  
our point of view, me and my auxy, Jimmy d’Arcy, hadn’t we,  
Jimmy?%—%Who to seen with? Kiss! No kidd, captn, which he  
stood us, three jolly postboys, first a couple of Mountjoys and  
nutty woodbines with his cadbully’s choculars, pepped from our  
Theoatre Regal’s drolleries puntomine, in the snug at the Cam-  
bridge Arms of Teddy Ales while we was laying, crown jewels  
to a peanut, was he stepmarm, old noseheavy, or a wouldower,  
which he said, lads, a taking low his Whitby hat, lopping off the  
froth and whishing, with all respectfulness to the old country,  
tomorow comrades, we, his long life’s strength and cuirscrween  
loan to our allhallowed king, the pitchur that he’s turned to  
weld the wall, (Lawd lengthen him!) his standpoint was,  
to belt and blucher him afore the hole pleading churchal and  
submarine bar yonder but he made no class at all in port  
and cemented palships between our trucers, being a refugee,  
didn’t he, Jimmy?%—%Who true to me? Sish! Honeysuckler,  
that’s what my young lady here, Fred Watkins, bugler Fred, all  
the ways from Melmoth in Natal, she calls him, dip the colours,  
pet, when he commit his certain questions vivaviz the secret  
empire of the snake which it was on a point of our sutton down,  
how was it, Jimmy?%—%Who has sinnerettes to declare? Phiss!  
Touching our Phoenix Rangers’ nuisance at the meeting of the  
waitresses, the daintylines, Elsies from Chelsies, the two leggle-  
gels in blooms, and those pest of parkies, twitch, thistle and  
charlock, were they for giving up their fogging trespasses  
by order which we foregathered he must be raw in cane  
sugar, the party, no, Jimmy MacCawthelock? Who trespass  
against me? Briss! That’s him wiv his wig on, achewing of his  
maple gum, that’s our grainpopaw, Mister Beardall, an accom-  
pliced burgomaster, a great one among the very greatest, which  
he told us privates out of his own scented mouf he used to was,  
my lads, afore this wineact come, what say, our Jimmy the  
chapelgoer?%—%Who fears all masters! Hi, Jocko Nowlong, my%j%

