format: snippet


%ni%sweetness, so as not a novene in all the convent loretos, not my  
littlest one of all, for mercy’s sake need ever know, what passed  
our lips or. Yes sir, we’ll will! Clothea wind! Fee o fie! Covey us  
niced! Bansh the dread! Alitten’s looking. Low him lovly! Make  
me feel good in the moontime. It will all take bloss as oranged at  
St Audiens rosan chocolate chapelry with my diamants blickfeast  
after at minne owned hos for all the catclub to go cryzy and  
Father Blesius Mindelsinn will be beminding hand. Kyrielle ela-  
tion! Crystal elation! Kyrielle elation! Elation immanse! Sing to  
us, sing to us, sing to us! Amam! So meme nearest, languished  
hister, be free to me! (I’m fading!) And listen, you, you beauty,  
esster, I’ll be clue to who knows you, pray Magda, Marthe with  
Luz and Joan, while I lie with warm lisp on the Tolka. (I’m fay!)
%—%Eusapia! Fais-le, tout-tait! Languishing hysteria? The clou  
historique? How is this at all? Is dads the thing in such or are  
tits the that? Hear we here her first poseproem of suora unto  
suora? Alicious, twinstreams twinestraines, through alluring  
glass or alas in jumboland? Ding dong! Where’s your pal in  
silks alustre? Think of a maiden, Presentacion. Double her, An-  
nupciacion. Take your first thoughts away from her, Immacola-  
cion. Knock and it shall appall unto you! Who shone yet shim-  
mers will be e’er scheining. Cluse her, voil her, hild her hindly.  
After liryc and themodius soft aglo iris of the vals. This young  
barlady, what, euphemiasly? Is she having an ambidual act her-  
self in apparition with herself as Consuelas to Sonias may?
%—%Dang! And tether, a loguy O!
%—%Dis and dat and dese and dose! Your crackling out of your  
turn, my Moonster firefly, like always. And 2 R.N. and Long-  
horns Connacht, stay off my air! You’ve grabbed the capital and  
you’ve had the lion’s shire since 1542 but there’s all the difference  
in Ireland between your borderation, my chatty cove, and me. The  
leinstrel boy to the wall is gone and there’s moreen astoreen for  
Monn and Conn. With the tyke’s named moke. Doggymens’  
nimmer win! You last led the first when we last but we’ll first  
trump your last with a lasting. Jump the railchairs or take them,  
as you please, but and, sir, my queskins first, foxyjack! Ye’ve as  
much skullabogue cheek on you now as would boil a caldron of%j%

