format: snippet


%ni%leges, Exmooth, Ostbys for ost, boys, each and one? Death banes  
and the quick quoke. But life wends and the dombs spake!  
Whake? Hill of Hafid, knock and knock, nachasach, gives relief  
to the langscape as he strauches his lamusong untoupon gazelle  
channel and the bride of the Bryne, shin high shake, is dotter  
than evar for a damse wed her farther. Lambel on the up! We  
may plesently heal Geoglyphy’s twentynine ways to say good-  
bett an wassing seoosoon liv. With the forty wonks winking  
please me your much as to. With her tup. It’s a long long ray to  
Newirgland’s premier. For korps, for streamfish, for confects,  
for bullyoungs, for smearsassage, for patates, for steaked pig, for  
men, for limericks, for waterfowls, for wagsfools, for louts, for  
cold airs, for late trams, for curries, for curlews, for leekses, for  
orphalines, for tunnygulls, for clear goldways, for lungfortes, for  
moonyhaunts, for fairmoneys, for coffins, for tantrums, for  
armaurs, for waglugs, for rogues comings, for sly goings,  
for larksmathes, for homdsmeethes, for quailsmeathes, kilalooly.  
Tep! Come lead, crom lech! Top. Wisely for us Old Bruton has  
withdrawn his theory. You are alpsulumply wroght! Amsu-  
lummmm. But this is perporteroguing youpoorapps? Naman-  
tanai. Sure it’s not revieng your? Amslu! Good all so. We seem  
to understand apad vellumtomes muniment, Arans Duhkha,  
among hoseshoes, cheriotiers and etceterogenious bargainbout-  
barrows, ofver and umnder, since, evenif or although, in double  
preposition as in triple conjunction, how the mudden research in  
the topaia that was Mankaylands has gone to prove from the  
picalava present in the maramara melma that while a successive  
generation has been in the deep deep deeps of Deepereras. Buried  
hearts. Rest here.

Conk a dook he’ll doo. Svap.

So let him slap, the sap! Till they take down his shatter from  
his shap. He canease. Fill stap.

Thus faraclacks the friarbird. Listening, Syd!

The child, a natural child, thenown by the mnames of, (aya!  
aya!), wouldbewas kidnapped at an age of recent probably,  
possibly remoter; or he conjured himself from seight by slide%j%

