format: snippet


%ni%eirenarch’s custos himself no less, the meg of megs, with the Carri-  
son old gang! Off with your persians! Search ye the Finn! The  
sinder’s under shriving sheet. Fa Fe Fi Fo Fum! Ho, croak,  
evildoer! Arise, sir ghostus! As long as you’ve lived there’ll be no  
other. Doff!
%—%Amtsadam, sir, to you! Eternest cittas, heil! Here we are  
again! I am bubub brought up under a camel act of dynasties long  
out of print, the first of Shitric Shilkanbeard (or is it Owllaugh  
MacAuscullpth the Thord?), but, in pontofacts massimust, I am  
known throughout the world wherever my good Allenglisches  
Angleslachsen is spoken by Sall and Will from Augustanus to  
Ergastulus, as this is, whether in Farnum’s rath or Condra’s  
ridge or the meadows of Dalkin or Monkish tunshep, by saints  
and sinners eyeeye alike as a cleanliving man and, as a matter of  
fict, by my halfwife, I think how our public at large appreciates  
it most highly from me that I am as cleanliving as could be and  
that my game was a fair average since I perpetually kept my  
ouija ouija wicket up. On my verawife I never was nor can afford  
to be guilty of crim crig con of malfeasance trespass against par-  
son with the person of a youthful gigirl frifrif friend chirped  
Apples, acted by Miss Dashe, and with Any of my cousines in  
Kissilov’s Slutsgartern or Gigglotte’s Hill, when I would touch  
to her dot and feel most greenily of her unripe ones as it should  
prove most anniece and far too bahad, nieceless to say, to my  
reputation on Babbyl Malket for daughters-in-trade being lightly  
clad. Yet, as my acquainters do me the complaisance of apprising  
me, I should her have awristed under my duskguise of whippers  
through toombs and deempeys, lagmen, was she but tinkling of  
such a tink. And, as a mere matter of ficfect, I tell of myself how  
I popo possess the ripest littlums wifukie around the globelettes  
globes upon which she was romping off on Floss Mundai out of  
haram’s way round Skinner’s circusalley first with her consola-  
tion prize in my serial dreams of faire women, Mannequins Passe,  
with awards in figure and smile subsections, handicapped by two  
breasts in operatops, a remarkable little endowment garment.  
Fastened at various places. What spurt! I kickkick keenly love%j%

