format: snippet


%ni%nute! These brilling waveleaplights! Please say me how sing you  
them. Seekhem seckhem! They arise from a clear springwell in  
the near of our park which makes the daft to hear all blend. This  
place of endearment! How it is clear! And how they cast their  
spells upon, the fronds that thereup float, the bookstaff branch-  
ings! The druggeted stems, the leaves incut on trees! Do you  
can their tantrist spellings? I can lese, skillmistress aiding. Elm,  
bay, this way, cull dare, take a message, tawny runes ilex sallow,  
meet me at the pine. Yes, they shall have brought us to the water  
trysting, by hedjes of maiden ferm. then here in another place is  
their chapelofeases, sold for song, of which you have thought  
my praise too much my price. O ma ma! Yes, sad one of Ziod?  
Sell me, my soul dear! Ah, my sorrowful, his cloister dreeping  
of his monkshood, how it is triste to death, all his dark ivytod!  
Where cold in dearth. Yet see, my blanching kissabelle, in the  
under close she is allso gay, her kirtles green, her curtsies white,  
her peony pears, her nistlingsloes! I, pipette, I must also quick-  
lingly to tryst myself softly into this littleeasechapel. I would  
rather than Ireland! But I pray, make! Do your easiness! O,  
peace, this is heaven! O, Mr Prince of Pouringtoher, whatever  
shall I pppease to do? Why do you so lifesighs, my precious, as  
I hear from you, with limmenings lemantitions, after that swollen  
one? I am not sighing, I assure, but only I am soso sorry about  
all in my saarasplace. Listen, listen! I am doing it. Hear more to  
those voices! Always I am hearing them. Horsehem coughs  
enough. Annshee lispes privily.
%—%He is quieter now.
%—%Legalentitled. Accesstopartnuzz. Notwildebeestsch. By-  
rightofoaptz. Twainbeonerflsh. Haveandholdpp.
%—%S! Let us go. Make a noise. Slee...
%—%Qui... The gir...
%—%Huesofrichunfoldingmorn. Wakenupriseandprove. Pro-  
videforsacrifice.
%—%Wait! Hist! Let us list!

For our netherworld’s bosomfoes are working tooth and nail  
overtime: in earthveins, toadcavites, chessganglions, saltkles-%j%

