format: snippet


%ni%is doing a walk, says she, in the feelmick’s park, says he, like  
a tarrable Turk, says she, letting loose on his nursery and,  
begalla, he meet himself with Mr Michael Clery of a Tuesday  
who said Father MacGregor was desperate to the bad place about  
thassbawls and ejaculating about all the stairrods and the cats-  
pew swashing his earwanker and thinconvenience being locked  
up for months, owing to being putrenised by stragglers abusing  
the apparatus, and for Tarpey to pull himself into his soup and  
fish and to push on his borrowsaloaner and to go to the tumple  
like greased lining and see Father MacGregor and, be Cad, sir, he  
was to pipe up and saluate that clergyman and to tell his holiness  
the whole goat’s throat about the three shillings in the confusional  
and to say how Mrs Lyons, the cuptosser, was the infidel who  
prophessised to pose three shielings Peter’s pelf off her tocher  
from paraguais and albs by the yard to Mr Martin Clery for  
Father Mathew to put up a midnight mask saints withins of a  
Thrushday for African man and to let Brown child do and to leave  
he Anlone and all the nuisances committed by soldats and non-  
behavers and missbelovers for N.D. de l’Ecluse to send more  
heehaw hell’s flutes, my prodder again! And I never brought my  
cads in togs blanket! Foueh!
%—%Angly as arrows, but you have right, my celtslinger! Nils,  
Mugn and Cannut. Should brothers be for awe then?
%—%So let use off be octo while oil bike the bil and wheel  
whang till wabblin befoul you but mere and mire trullopes will  
knaver mate a game on the bibby bobby burns of.
%—%Quatsch! What hill ar yu fluking about, ye lamelookond  
fyats! I’ll discipline ye! Will you swear or affirm the day to yur  
second sight noo and recant that all yu affirmed to profetised at  
first sight for his southerly accent was all paddyflaherty? Will  
ye, ay or nay?
%—%Ay say aye. I affirmly swear to it that it rooly and cooly  
boolyhooly was with my holyhagionous lips continuously poised  
upon the rubricated annuals of saint ulstar.
%—%That’s very guid of ye, R.C.! Maybe yu wouldn’t mind  
talling us, my labrose lad, how very much bright cabbage or%j%

