format: snippet


%ni%such, particularly while savouring of their flavours at their most  
perfect best when served with heliotrope ayelips, as this is, where  
I do drench my jolly soul on the pu pure beauty of hers past.

She is my bestpreserved wholewife, sowell her as herafter, in  
Evans’s eye, with incompatibly the smallest shoenumber outside  
chinatins. They are jolly dainty, spekin tluly. May we not recom-  
mend them? It was my proofpiece from my prenticeserving.  
And, alas, our private chaplain of Lambeyth and Dolekey, bishop-  
regionary, an always sadfaced man, in his lutestring pewcape with  
tabinet band, who has visited our various hard hearts and reins  
by imposition of fufuf fingers, olso haddock’s fumb, in that  
Upper Room can speak loud to you some quite complimentary  
things about my clean charactering, even when detected in the  
dark, distressful though such recital prove to me, as this is, when  
I introduced her (Frankfurters, numborines, why drive fear?) to  
our fourposter tunies chantreying under Castrucci Sinior and De  
Mellos, those whapping oldsteirs, with sycamode euphonium in  
either notation in our altogether cagehaused duckyheim on  
Goosna Greene, that cabinteeny homesweetened through affec-  
tion’s hoardpayns (First Murkiss, or so they sankeyed. Dodo! O  
Clearly! And Gregorio at front with Johannes far in back. Aw,  
aw!), gleeglom there’s gnome sweepplaces like theresweep No-  
whergs. By whom, as my Kerk Findlater’s, ye litel chuch rond  
ye coner, and K. K. Katakasm enjoineth in the Belief and, as you  
all know, of a child, dear Humans, one of my life’s ambitions of  
my youngend from an early peepee period while still to hedje-  
skool, intended for broadchurch, I, being fully alive to it, was  
parruchially confirmed in Caulofat’s bed by our bujibuji beloved  
curate-author. Michael Engels is your man. Let Michael relay  
Sutton and tell you people here who have the phoney habit (it  
was remarketable) in his clairaudience, as this is, as only our own  
Michael can, when reicherout at superstation, to bring ruptures  
to our roars how I am amp amp amplify. Hiemlancollin. Pim-  
pim’s Ornery forninehalf. Shaun Shemsen saywhen saywhen.  
Holmstock unsteaden. Livpoomark lloyrge hoggs one four tupps  
noying. Big Butter Boost! Sorry! Thnkyou! Thatll beall for-%j%

