format: snippet


%ni%leary obelisk via the rock vhat myles knox furlongs; to the  
general’s postoffice howsands of patience; to the Wellington  
memorial half a league wrongwards; to Sara’s bridge good hun-  
ter and nine to meet her: to the point, one yeoman’s yard. He, he,  
he! At that do you leer, a setting up? With a such unfettered belly?  
Two cascades? I leer (O my big, O my bog, O my bigbagbone!)  
because I must see a buntingcap of so a pinky on the point. It is  
for a true glover’s greetings and many burgesses by us, greats  
and grosses, uses to pink it in this way at tet-at-tet. For long has  
it been effigy of standard royal when broken on roofstaff which  
to the gunnings shall cast welcome from Courtmilits’ Fortress,  
umptydum dumptydum. Bemark you these hangovers, those  
streamer fields, his influx. Do you not have heard that, the queen  
lying abroad from fury of the gales, (meekname mocktitles her  
Nan Nan Nanetta) her liege of lateenth dignisties shall come on  
their bay tomorrow, Michalsmas, mellems the third and fourth of  
the clock, there to all the king’s aussies and all their king’s men,  
knechts tramplers and cavalcaders, led of herald graycloak, Ulaf  
Goldarskield? Dog! Dog! Her lofts will be loosed for her and  
their tumblers broodcast. A progress shall be made in walk, ney? I  
trow it well, and uge by uge. He shall come, sidesmen accostant, by  
aryan jubilarian and on brigadier-general Nolan or and buccaneer-  
admiral Browne, with%—%who can doubt it?%—%his golden beagles  
and his white elkox terriers for a hunting on our littlego illcome  
faxes. In blue and buff of Beaufort the hunt shall make. It is  
poblesse noblige. Ommes will grin through collars when each  
riders other’s ass. Me Eccls! What cats’ killings overall! What  
popping out of guillotened widows! Quick time! Beware of  
waiting! Squintina plies favours on us from her rushfrail and  
Zosimus, the crowder, in his surcoat, sues us with souftwister.  
Apart we! Here are gantlets. I believe, by Plentifolks Mixymost!  
Yet if I durst to express the hope how I might be able to be pre-  
sent. All these peeplers entrammed and detrained on bikeygels  
and troykakyls and those puny farting little solitires! Tollacre,  
tollacre! Polo north will beseem Sibernian and Plein Pelouta will  
behowl ne yerking at lawncastrum ne ghimbelling on guelflinks.%j%

