format: snippet


%ni%he’d lust in Wooming but with that smeoil like a grace of backon-  
ing over his egglips of the sunsoonshine. Here’s heering you in  
a guessmasque, latterman! And such an improofment! As royt  
as the mail and as fat as a fuddle! Schoen! Shoan! Shoon the  
Puzt! A penny for your thought abouts! Tay, tibby, tanny,  
tummy, tasty, tosty, tay. Batch is for Baker who baxters our  
bread. O, what an ovenly odour! Butter butter! Bring us this  
days our maily bag! But receive me, my frensheets, from the  
emerald dark winterlong! For diss is the doss for Eilder Downes  
and dass is it duss, as singen sengers, what the hardworking  
straightwalking stoutstamping securelysealing officials who trow  
to form our G.M.P.’s pass muster generally shay for shee and  
sloo for slee when butting their headd to the pillow for a night-  
shared nakeshift with the alter girl they tuck in for sweepsake.  
Dutiful wealker for his hydes of march. Haves you the time.  
Hans ahike? Heard you the crime, senny boy? The man was  
giddy on letties on the dewry of the duary, be pursueded,  
whethered with entrenous, midgreys, dagos, teatimes, shadows,  
nocturnes or samoans, if wellstocked fillerouters plushfeverfraus  
with dopy chonks, and this, that and the other pigskin or muffle  
kinkles, taking a pipe course or doing an anguish, seen to his  
fleece in after his foull, when Dr Chart of Greet Chorsles street  
he changed his backbone at a citting. He had not the declaina-  
tion, as what with the foos as whet with the fays, but so far as  
hanging a goobes on the precedings, wherethen the lag allows, it  
mights be anything after darks. Which the deers alones they sees  
and the darkies they is snuffing of the wind up. Debbling.  
Greanteavvents! Hyacinssies with heliotrollops! Not once  
fullvixen freakings and but dubbledecoys! It is a lable iction on  
the porte of the cuthulic church and summum most atole for it.  
Where is that blinketey blanketer, that quound of a pealer, the  
sunt of a hunt whant foxes good men! Where or he, our loved  
among many?

But what does Coemghem, the fostard? Tyro a tora. The  
novened iconostase of his blueygreyned vitroils but begins  
in feint to light his legend. Let Phosphoron proclaim! Peechy%j%

