format: snippet


%ni%against Molloyd O’Reilly, that hugglebeddy fann, now about to  
get up, the hartiest that Coolock ever! A nought in nought  
Eirinishmhan, called Ervigsen by his first mate. May all similar  
douters of our oldhame story have that fancied widming! For  
a pipe of twist or a slug of Hibernia metal we could let out and,  
by jings, someone would make a carpus of somebody with the  
greatest of pleasure by private shootings. And in contravention to  
the constancy of chemical combinations not enough of all the  
slatters of him left for Peeter the Picker to make their threi sevelty  
filfths of a man out of. Good wheat! How delitious for the three  
Sulvans of Dulkey and what a sellpriceget the two Peris of  
Monacheena! Sugars of lead for the chloras ashpots! Peace! He  
possessing from a child of highest valency for our privileged  
beholdings ever complete hairy of chest, hamps and eyebags in  
pursuance to salesladies’ affectionate company. His real devotes.  
Wriggling reptiles, take notice! Whereas we exgust all such  
sprinkling snigs. They are pestituting the whole time never with  
standing we simply agree upon the committee of amusance! Or  
could above bring under same notice for it to be able to be seen.

About that coerogenal hun and his knowing the size of an egg-  
cup. First he was a skulksman at one time and then Cloon’s fired  
him through guff. Be sage about sausages! Stuttutistics shows  
with he’s heacups of teatables the oldfirm’s fatspitters are most  
eatenly appreciated by metropolonians. While we should like to  
drag attentions to our Wolkmans Cumsensation Act. The magnets  
of our midst being foisted upon by a plethorace of parachutes.  
Did speece permit the bad example of setting before the military  
to the best of our belief in the earliest wish of the one in mind was  
the mitigation of the king’s evils. And how he staired up the  
step after it’s the power of the gait. His giantstand of manun-  
known. No brad wishy washy wathy wanted neither! Once you  
are balladproof you are unperceable to haily, icy and missile-  
throes. Order now before we reach Ruggers’ Rush! As we now  
must close hoping to Saint Laurans all in the best. Moral. Mrs  
Stores Humphreys: So you are expecting trouble, Pondups, from  
the domestic service questioned? Mr Stores Humphreys: Just as%j%

