format: snippet


%ni%loosed in her reflexes, she seem she seen Ericoricori coricome  
huntsome with his three poach dogs aleashing him. But you came  
safe through. Enough of that homer corner! And old mutther-  
goosip! We might call on the Old Lord, what do you say? There’s  
something tells me. He is a fine sport. Like the score and a moighty  
went before him. And a proper old promnentory. His door  
always open. For a newera’s day. Much as your own is. You  
invoiced him last Eatster so he ought to give us hockockles and  
everything. Remember to take off your white hat, ech? When  
we come in the presence. And say hoothoothoo, ithmuthisthy!  
His is house of laws. And I’ll drop my graciast kertssey too. If  
the Ming Tung no go bo to me homage me hamage kow bow  
tow to the Mong Tang. Ceremonialness to stand lowest place  
be! Saying: What’ll you take to link to light a pike on porpoise,  
plaise? He might knight you an Armor elsor daub you the first  
cheap magyerstrape. Remember Bomthomanew vim vam vom  
Hungerig. Hoteform, chain and epolettes, botherbumbose. And  
I’ll be your aural eyeness. But we vain. Plain fancies. It’s in the  
castles air. My currant bread’s full of sillymottocraft. Aloof is  
anoof. We can take or leave. He’s reading his ruffs. You’ll know  
our way from there surely. Flura’s way. Where once we led so  
many car couples have follied since. Clatchka! Giving Shaugh-  
nessy’s mare the hillymount of her life. With her strulldeburg-  
ghers! Hnmn hnmn! The rollcky road adondering. We can sit  
us down on the heathery benn, me on you, in quolm uncon-  
sciounce. To scand the arising. Out from Drumleek. It was there  
Evora told me I had best. If I ever. When the moon of mourning  
is set and gone. Over Glinaduna. Lonu nula. Ourselves, oursouls  
alone. At the site of salvocean. And watch would the letter you’re  
wanting be coming may be. And cast ashore. That I prays for  
be mains of me draims. Scratching it and patching at with a  
prompt from a primer. And what scrips of nutsnolleges I pecked  
up me meself Every letter is a hard but yours sure is the hardest  
crux ever. Hack an axe, hook an oxe, hath an an, heth hith ences.  
But once done, dealt and delivered, tattat, you’re on the map.  
Rased on traumscrapt from Maston, Boss. After rounding his%j%

