format: snippet


%ni%umbr. And stand up tall! Straight. I want to see you looking fine  
for me. With your brandnew big green belt and all. Blooming in  
the very lotust and second to nill, Budd! When you’re in the  
buckly shuit Rosensharonals near did for you. Fiftyseven and  
three, cosh, with the bulge. Proudpurse Alby with his pooraroon  
Eireen, they’ll. Pride, comfytousness, enevy! You make me think  
of a wonderdecker I once. Or somebalt thet sailder, the man me-  
gallant, with the bangled ears. Or an earl was he, at Lucan? Or,  
no, it’s the Iren duke’s I mean. Or somebrey erse from the Dark  
Countries. Come and let us! We always said we’d. And go abroad.  
Rathgreany way perhaps. The childher are still fast. There is no  
school today. Them boys is so contrairy. The Head does be  
worrying himself. Heel trouble and heal travel. Galliver and  
Gellover. Unless they changes by mistake. I seen the likes in  
the twinngling of an aye. Som. So oft. Sim. Time after time.  
The sehm asnuh. Two bredder as doffered as nors in soun. When  
one of him sighs or one of him cries ’tis you all over. No peace  
at all. Maybe it’s those two old crony aunts held them out to the  
water front. Queer Mrs Quickenough and odd Miss Dodd-  
pebble. And when them two has had a good few there isn’t much  
more dirty clothes to publish. From the Laundersdale Minssions.  
One chap googling the holyboy’s thingabib and this lad wetting  
his widdle. You were pleased as Punch, recitating war exploits  
and pearse orations to them jackeen gapers. But that night after,  
all you were wanton! Bidding me do this and that and the other.  
And blowing off to me, hugly Judsys, what wouldn’t you give  
to have a girl! Your wish was mewill. And, lo, out of a sky! The  
way I too. But her, you wait. Eager to choose is left to her shade.  
If she bad only more matcher’s wit. Findlings makes runaways,  
runaways a stray. She’s as merry as the gricks still. ’Twould be  
sore should ledden sorrow. I’ll wait. And I’ll wait. And then if  
all goes. What will be is. Is is. But let them. Slops hospodch and  
the slusky slut too. He’s for thee what she’s for me. Dogging you  
round cove and haven and teaching me the perts of speech. If you  
spun your yarns to him on the swishbarque waves I was spelling  
my yearns to her over cottage cake. We’ll not disturb their sleep-%j%

