format: snippet


%ni%cooshes, sweet good luck they’re cawing you, Coole! You see,  
they’re as white as the riven snae. For us. Next peaters poll you  
will be elicted or I’m not your elicitous bribe. The Kinsella  
woman’s man will never reduce me. A MacGarath O’Cullagh  
O’Muirk MacFewney sookadoodling and sweepacheeping round  
the lodge of Fjorn na Galla of the Trumpets! It’s like potting the  
po to shambe on the dresser or tamming Uncle Tim’s Caubeen  
on to the brows of a Viker Eagle. Not such big strides, huddy  
foddy! You’ll crush me antilopes I saved so long for. They’re  
Penisole’s. And the two goodiest shoeshoes. It is hardly a Knut’s  
mile or seven, possumbotts. It is very good for the health of a  
morning. With Buahbuah. A gentle motion all around. As  
leisure paces. And the helpyourselftoastrool cure’s easy. It seems  
so long since, ages since. As if you had been long far away.  
Afartodays, afeartonights, and me as with you in thadark. You  
will tell me some time if I can believe its all. You know where  
I am bringing you? You remember? When I ran berrying after  
hucks and haws. With you drawing out great aims to hazel me  
from the hummock with your sling. Our cries. I could lead you  
there and I still by you in bed. Les go dutc to Danegreven,  
nos? Not a soul but ourselves. Time? We have loads on our  
hangs. Till Gilligan and Halligan call again to hooligan. And  
the rest of the guns. Sullygan eight, from left to right. Olobobo,  
ye foxy theagues! The moskors thought to ball you out. Or  
the Wald Unicorns Master, Bugley Captain, from the Naul, drawls  
up by the door with the Honourable Whilp and the Reverend  
Poynter and the two Lady Pagets of Tallyhaugh, Ballyhuntus,  
in their riddletight raiding hats for to lift a hereshealth to their  
robost, the Stag, evers the Carlton hart. And you needn’t host  
out with your duck and your duty, capapole, while they reach  
him the glass he never starts to finish. Clap this wis on your poll  
and stick this in your ear, wiggly! Beauties don’t answer and the  
rich never pays. If you were the enlarged they’d hue in cry you,  
Heathtown, Harbourstown, Snowtown, Four Knocks, Fleming-  
town, Bodingtown to the Ford of Fyne on Delvin. How they  
housed to house you after the Platonic garlens! And all because,%j%

