format: snippet


%ni%grazeheifer, ethel or bonding. Mopsus or Gracchus, all your  
horodities will incessantlament be coming back from the Annone  
Wishwashwhose, Ormepierre Lodge, Doone of the Drumes,  
blanches bountifully and nightsend made up, every article lather-  
ing leaving several rinsings so as each rinse results with a dap-  
perent rolle, cuffs for meek and chokers for sheek and a kink in  
the pacts for namby. Forbeer, forbear! For nought that is has  
bane. In mournenslaund. Themes have thimes and habit reburns.  
To flame in you. Ardor vigor forders order. Since ancient was  
our living is in possible to be. Delivered as. Caffirs and culls and  
onceagain overalls, the fittest surviva lives that blued, iorn and  
storridge can make them. Whichus all claims. Clean. Whenast-  
cleeps. Close. And the mannormillor clipperclappers. Noxt. Doze.

Fennsense, finnsonse, aworn! Tuck upp those wide shorts.  
The pink of the busket for sheer give. Peeps. Stand up to hard  
ware and step into style. If you soil may, puett, guett me prives.  
For newmanmaun set a marge to the merge of unnotions. Inni-  
tion wons agame.

What has gone? How it ends?

Begin to forget it. It will remember itself from every sides, with  
all gestures, in each our word. Today’s truth, tomorrow’s trend.

Forget, remember!

Have we cherished expectations? Are we for liberty of peru-  
siveness? Whyafter what forewhere? A plainplanned liffeyism  
assemblements Eblania’s conglomerate horde. By dim delty Deva.

Forget!

Our wholemole millwheeling vicociclometer, a tetradoma-  
tional gazebocroticon (the “Mamma Lujah” known to every  
schoolboy scandaller, be he Matty, Marky, Lukey or John-a-  
Donk), autokinatonetically preprovided with a clappercoupling  
smeltingworks exprogressive process, (for the farmer, his son and  
their homely codes, known as eggburst, eggblend, eggburial and  
hatch-as-hatch can) receives through a portal vein the dialytically  
separated elements of precedent decomposition for the verypet-  
purpose of subsequent recombination so that the heroticisms,  
catastrophes and eccentricities transmitted by the ancient legacy%j%

