format: snippet


%ni%innocenth eyes. O, felicious coolpose! If all the MacCrawls would  
only handle virgils like Armsworks, Limited! That’s handsel for  
gertles! Never mind Micklemans! Chat us instead! The cad  
with the pope’s wife, Lily Kinsella, who became the wife of  
Mr Sneakers for her good name in the hands of the kissing  
solicitor, will now engage in attentions. Just a prinche for to-  
night! Pale bellies our mild cure, back and streaky ninepace.  
The thicks off Bully’s Acre was got up by Sully. The Boot lane  
brigade. And she had a certain medicine brought her in a  
licenced victualler’s bottle. Shame! Thrice shame! We are  
advised the waxy is at the present in the Sweeps hospital and  
that he may never come out! Only look through your leather-  
box one day with P.C.Q. about 4.32 or at 8 and 22.5 with the  
quart of scissions masters and clerk and the bevyhum of Marie  
Reparatrices for a good allround sympowdhericks purge, full view,  
to be surprised to see under the grand piano Lily on the sofa (and  
a lady!) pulling a low and then he’d begin to jump a little bit to  
find out what goes on when love walks in besides the solicitous  
bussness by kissing and looking into a mirror.

That we were treated not very grand when the police and  
everybody is all bowing to us when we go out in all directions  
on Wanterlond Road with my cubarola glide? And, personably  
speaking, they can make their beaux to my alce, as Hillary Allen  
sang to the opernnine knighters. Item, we never were chained to a  
chair, and, bitem, no widower whother soever followed us about  
with a fork on Yankskilling Day. Meet a great civilian (proud  
lives to him!) who is gentle as a mushroom and a very affectable  
when he always sits forenenst us for his wet while to all whom  
it may concern Sully is a thug from all he drunk though he is a  
rattling fine bootmaker in his profession. Would we were here-  
arther to lodge our complaint on sergeant Laraseny in consequence  
of which in such steps taken his health would be constably broken  
into potter’s pance which would be the change of his life by a  
Nollwelshian which has been oxbelled out of crispianity.

Well, our talks are coming to be resumed by more polite con-  
versation with a huntered persent human over the natural bestness%j%

