format: snippet


Good safe firelamp! hailed the heliots. Goldselforelump!  
Halled they. Awed. Where thereon the skyfold high, trampa-  
trampatramp. Adie. Per ye comdoom doominoom noonstroom.  
Yeasome priestomes. Fullyhum toowhoom.

Taawhaar?

Sants and sogs, cabs and cobs, kings and karls, tentes and  
taunts.

’Tis gone infarover. So fore now, dayleash. Pour deday. To  
trancefixureashone. Feist of Taborneccles, scenopegia, come!  
Shamwork, be in our scheining! And let every crisscouple be so  
crosscomplimentary, little eggons, youlk and meelk, in a farbiger  
pancosmos. With a hottyhammyum all round. Gudstruce!

Yet is no body present here which was not there before. Only  
is order othered. Nought is nulled. Fuitfiat!

Lo, the laud of laurens now orielising benedictively when  
saint and sage have said their say.

A spathe of calyptrous glume involucrumines the perinanthean  
Amenta: fungoalgaceous muscafilicial graminopalmular plan-  
teon; of increasing, livivorous, feelful thinkamalinks; luxuriotia-  
ting everywhencewithersoever among skullhullows and charnel-  
cysts of a weedwastewoldwevild when Ralph the Retriever  
ranges to jawrode his knuts knuckles and her theas thighs; one-  
gugulp down of the nauseous forere brarkfarsts oboboomaround  
and you’re as paint and spickspan as a rainbow; wreathe the bowl  
to rid the bowel; no runcure, no rank heat, sir; amess in amullium;  
chlorid cup.

Health, chalce, endnessnessessity! Arrive, likkypuggers, in  
a poke! The folgor of the frightfools is olympically optimo-  
minous; there is bound to be a lovleg day for mirrages in the  
open; Murnane and Aveling are undertoken to berry that ort-  
chert: provided that. You got to make good that breachsuit,  
seamer. You going to haulm port houlm, toilermaster. You yet  
must get up to kill (nonparticular). You still stand by and do as  
hit (private). While for yous, Jasminia Aruna and all your likers,  
affinitatively must it be by you elected if Monogynes his is or  
hers Diander, the tubous, limbersome and nectarial. Owned or%j%

