format: snippet


%ni%us. For I feel I could near to faint away. Into the deeps. Anna-  
mores leep. Let me lean, just a lea, if you le, bowldstrong big-  
tider. Allgearls is wea. At times. So. While you’re adamant evar.  
Wrhps, that wind as if out of norewere! As on the night of the  
Apophanypes. Jumpst shootst throbbst into me mouth like a  
bogue and arrohs! Ludegude of the Lashlanns, how he whips  
me cheeks! Sea, sea! Here, weir, reach, island, bridge. Where you  
meet I. The day. Remember! Why there that moment and us  
two only? I was but teen, a tiler’s dot. The swankysuits was  
boosting always, sure him, he was like to me fad. But the swag-  
gerest swell off Shackvulle Strutt. And the fiercest freaky ever  
followed a pining child round the sluppery table with a forkful  
of fat. But a king of whistlers. Scieoula! When he’d prop me atlas  
against his goose and light our two candles for our singers duohs  
on the sewingmachine. I’m sure he squirted juice in his eyes to  
make them flash for flightening me. Still and all he was awful  
fond to me. Who’ll search for Find Me Colours now on the hilly-  
droops of Vikloefells? But I read in Tobecontinued’s tale that while  
blubles blows there’ll still be sealskers. There’ll be others but non  
so for me. Yed he never knew we seen us before. Night after  
night. So that I longed to go to. And still with all. One time you’d  
stand fornenst me, fairly laughing, in your bark and tan billows of  
branches for to fan me coolly. And I’d lie as quiet as a moss. And  
one time you’d rush upon me, darkly roaring, like a great black  
shadow with a sheeny stare to perce me rawly. And I’d frozen  
up and pray for thawe. Three times in all. I was the pet of everyone  
then. A princeable girl. And you were the pantymammy’s Vulking  
Corsergoth. The invision of Indelond. And, by Thorror, you  
looked it! My lips went livid for from the joy of fear. Like almost  
now. How? How you said how you’d give me the keys of me  
heart. And we’d be married till delth to uspart. And though dev  
do espart. O mine! Only, no, now it’s me who’s got to give. As  
duv herself div. Inn this linn. And can it be it’s nnow fforvell?  
Illas! I wisht I had better glances to peer to you through this bay-  
light’s growing. But you’re changing, acoolsha, you’re changing  
from me, I can feel. Or is it me is? I’m getting mixed. Brightening%j%

