format: snippet


%ni%that is how we get to Missas in Massas. The old Marino tale. We  
veriters verity notefew demmed lustres priorly magistrite maxi-  
mollient in ludubility learned. Facst. Teak off that wise head!  
Great sinner, good sonner, is in effect the motto of the Mac-  
Cowell family. The gloved fist (skrimmhandsker) was intraduced  
into their socerdatal tree before the fourth of the twelfth and it  
is even a little odd all four horolodgeries still gonging restage  
Jakob van der Bethel, smolking behing his pipe, with Essav of  
Messagepostumia, lentling out his borrowed chafingdish, before  
cymbaloosing the apostles at every hours of changeover. The  
first and last rittlerattle of the anniverse; when is a nam nought a  
nam whenas it is a. Watch! Heroes’ Highway where our fleshers  
leave their bonings and every bob and joan to fill the bumper fair.  
It is their segnall for old Champelysied to seek the shades of his  
retirement and for young Chappielassies to tear a round and tease  
their partners lovesoftfun at Finnegan’s Wake.

And it’s high tigh tigh. Titley hi ti ti. That my dig pressed in  
your dag si. Gnug of old Gnig. Ni, gnid mig brawly! I bag your  
burden. Mees is thees knees. Thi is Mi. We have caught one-  
selves, Sveasmeas, in somes incontigruity coumplegs of heopon-  
hurrish marrage from whose I most sublumbunate. A polog, my  
engl! Excutes. Om still so sovvy. Whyle om till ti ti.

Ha!

Dayagreening gains in schlimninging. A summerwint spring-  
falls, abated. Hail, regn of durknass, snowly receassing, thund  
lightening thund, into the dimbelowstard departamenty whither-  
out, soon hist, soon mist, to the hothehill from the hollow,  
Solsking the Frist (attempted by the admirable Captive Bunting  
and Loftonant-Cornel Blaire) will processingly show up above  
Tumplen Bar whereupont he was much jubilated by Boerge-  
mester “Dyk” ffogg of Isoles, now Eisold, looking most plussed  
with (exhib 39) a clout capped sunbubble anaccanponied from  
his bequined torse. Up.

Blanchardstown mewspeppers pleads coppyl. Gracest good-  
ness, heave mensy upponnus! Grand old Manbutton, give your  
bowlers a rest!

