format: snippet


It is a mere mienerism of this vague of visibilities, mark you,  
as accorded to by moisturologist of the Brehons Assorceration for  
the advauncement of scayence because, my dear, mentioning of  
it under the breath, as in pure (what bunkum!) essenesse, there  
have been disselving forenenst you just the draeper, the two  
drawpers assisters and the three droopers assessors confraterni-  
tisers. Who are, of course, Uncle Arth, your two cozes from  
Niece and (kunject a bit now!) our own familiars, Billyhealy, Bally-  
hooly and Bullyhowley, surprised in an indecorous position by  
the Sigurd Sigerson Sphygmomanometer Society for bled-  
prusshers.

Knightsmore. Haventyne?

Ha ha!

This Mister Ireland? And a live?

Ay, ay. Aye, aye, baas.

The cry of Stena chills the vitals of slumbring off the motther  
has been pleased into the harms of old salaciters, meassurers  
soon and soon, but the voice of Alina gladdens the cockly-  
hearted dreamerish for that magic moning with its ching  
chang chap sugay kaow laow milkee muchee bringing becker-  
brose, the brew with the foochoor in it. Sawyest? Nodt? Nyets,  
I dhink I sawn to remumb or sumbsuch. A kind of a thinglike  
all traylogged then pubably it resymbles a pelvic or some kvind  
then props an acutebacked quadrangle with aslant off ohahn-  
thenth a wenchyoumaycuddler, lying with her royalirish upper-  
shoes among the theeckleaves. Signs are on of a mere by token  
that wills still to be becoming upon this there once a here was  
world. As the dayeleyves unfolden them. In the wake of the  
blackshape, Nattenden Sorte; whenat, hindled firth and hundled  
furth, the week of wakes is out and over; as a wick weak woking  
from ennemberable Ashias unto fierce force fuming, temtem  
tamtam, the Phoenican wakes.

Passing. One. We are passing. Two. From sleep we are pass-  
ing. Three. Into the wikeawades warld from sleep we are passing.  
Four. Come, hours, be ours!

But still. Ah diar, ah diar! And stay.

