format: snippet


It was allso agreenable in our sinegear clutchless, touring the  
no placelike no timelike absolent, mixing up pettyvaughan popu-  
lose with the magnumoore genstries, lloydhaired mersscenary  
blookers with boydskinned pigttetails and goochlipped gwendo-  
lenes with duffyeyed dolores; like so many unprobables in their  
poor suit of the improssable. With Mata and after please with  
Matamaru and after please stop with Matamaruluka and after stop  
do please with Matamarulukajoni.

And anotherum. Ah ess, dapple ass! He will be longing after  
the Grogram Grays. And, Weisingchetaoli, he will levellaut  
ministel Trampleasure be. Sheflower Rosina, younger Sheflower  
fruit Amaryllis, youngest flowerfruityfrond Sallysill or Sillysall.  
And house with heaven roof occupanters they are continuatingly  
attraverse of its milletestudinous windows, ricocoursing them-  
selves, as staneglass on stonegloss, inplayn unglish Wynn’s  
Hotel. Brancherds at: Bullbeck, Oldboof, Sassondale, Jorsey  
Uppygard, Mundelonde, Abbeytotte, Bracqueytuitte with Hoc-  
keyvilla, Fockeyvilla, Hillewille and Wallhall. Hoojahoo mana-  
gers the thingaviking. Obning shotly. When the messanger of  
the risen sun, (see other oriel) shall give to every seeable a hue and  
to every hearable a cry and to each spectacle his spot and to each  
happening her houram. The while we, we are waiting, we are  
waiting for. Hymn.

*Muta:* Quodestnunc fumusiste volhvuns ex Domoyno?

*Juva:* It is Old Head of Kettle puffing off the top of the mornin.

*Muta:* He odda be thorly well ashamed of himself for smoking  
before the high host.

*Juva:* Dies is Dorminus master and commandant illy tono-  
brass.

*Muta:* Diminussed aster! An I could peecieve amonkst the  
gatherings who ever they wolk in process?

*Juva:* Khubadah! It is the Chrystanthemlander with his  
porters of bonzos, pompommy plonkyplonk, the ghariwallahs,  
moveyovering the cabrattlefield of slaine.

*Muta:* Pongo da Banza! An I would uscertain in druidful  
scatterings one piece tall chap he stand one piece same place?

