format: snippet


%ni%there is a good in even, Levia, my cheek is a compleet bleenk.  
Plumb. Meaning: one two four. Finckers. Up the hind hose of  
hizzars. Whereapon our best again to a hundred and eleven ploose  
one thousand and one other blessings will now concloose thoose  
epoostles to your great kindest, well, for all at trouble to took.  
We are all at home in old Fintona, thank Danis, for ourselfsake,  
that direst of housebonds, whool wheel be true unto lovesend  
so long as we has a pockle full of brass. Impossible to remember  
persons in improbable to forget position places. Who would  
pellow his head off to conjure up a, well, particularly mean stinker  
like funn make called Foon MacCrawl brothers, mystery man of  
the pork martyrs? Force in giddersh! Tomothy and Lorcan, the  
bucket Toolers, both are Timsons now they’ve changed their  
characticuls during their blackout. Conan Boyles will pudge the  
daylives out through him, if they are correctly informed. Music, me  
ouldstrow, please! We’ll have a brand rehearsal. Fing! One must  
simply laugh. Fing him aging! Good licks! Well, this ought to weke  
him to make up. He’ll want all his fury gutmurdherers to redress  
him. Gilly in the gap. The big bad old sprowly all uttering foon!  
Has now stuffed last podding. His fooneral will sneak pleace by  
creeps o’clock toosday. Kingen will commen. Allso brewbeer.  
Pens picture at Manchem House Horsegardens shown in Morn-  
ing post as from Boston transcripped. Femelles will be preadam-  
inant as from twentyeight to twelve. To hear that lovelade  
parson, of case, of a bawl gentlemale, pour forther moracles. Don’t  
forget! The grand fooneral will now shortly occur. Remember.  
The remains must be removed before eaght hours shorp. With  
earnestly conceived hopes. So help us to witness to this day to  
hand in sleep. From of Mayasdaysed most duteoused.

Well, here’s lettering you erronymously anent other clerical  
fands allieged herewith. I wisht I wast be that dumb tyke and he’d  
wish it was me yonther heel. How about it? The sweetest song  
in the world! Our shape as a juvenile being much admired from  
the first with native copper locks. Referring to the Married  
Woman’s Improperty Act a correspondent paints out that the  
Swees Aubumn vogue is hanging down straith fitting to her%j%

