format: snippet


%ni%up and tightening down. Yes, you’re changing, sonhusband, and  
you’re turning, I can feel you, for a daughterwife from the hills  
again. Imlamaya. And she is coming. Swimming in my hindmoist.  
Diveltaking on me tail. Just a whisk brisk sly spry spink spank  
sprint of a thing theresomere, saultering. Saltarella come to her  
own. I pity your oldself I was used to. Now a younger’s there.  
Try not to part! Be happy, dear ones! May I be wrong! For she’ll  
be sweet for you as I was sweet when I came down out of me  
mother. My great blue bedroom, the air so quiet, scarce a cloud.  
In peace and silence. I could have stayed up there for always only.  
It’s something fails us. First we feel. Then we fall. And let her rain  
now if she likes. Gently or strongly as she likes. Anyway let her  
rain for my time is come. I done me best when I was let. Think-  
ing always if I go all goes. A hundred cares, a tithe of troubles and  
is there one who understands me? One in a thousand of years of  
the nights? All me life I have been lived among them but now  
they are becoming lothed to me. And I am lothing their little  
warm tricks. And lothing their mean cosy turns. And all the  
greedy gushes out through their small souls. And all the lazy  
leaks down over their brash bodies. How small it’s all! And me  
letting on to meself always. And lilting on all the time. I thought  
you were all glittering with the noblest of carriage. You’re only  
a bumpkin. I thought you the great in all things, in guilt and in  
glory. You’re but a puny. Home! My people were not their sort  
out beyond there so far as I can. For all the bold and bad and  
bleary they are blamed, the seahags. No! Nor for all our wild  
dances in all their wild din. I can seen meself among them, alla-  
niuvia pulchrabelled. How she was handsome, the wild Amazia,  
when she would seize to my other breast! And what is she weird,  
haughty Niluna, that she will snatch from my ownest hair! For  
’tis they are the stormies. Ho hang! Hang ho! And the clash of  
our cries till we spring to be free. Auravoles, they says, never heed  
of your name! But I’m loothing them that’s here and all I lothe.  
Loonely in me loneness. For all their faults. I am passing out. O  
bitter ending! I’ll slip away before they’re up. They’ll never see.  
Nor know. Nor miss me. And it’s old and old it’s sad and old it’s%j%

