format: snippet


%ni%other thing, voluntary mutismuser, he not compyhandy the his  
golden twobreasttorc look justsamelike curlicabbis, moreafter, to  
pace negativisticists, verdant readyrainroof belongahim Exuber  
High Ober King Leary very dead, what he wish to say, spit of  
superexuberabundancy plenty laurel leaves, after that com-  
mander bulopent eyes of Most Highest Ardreetsar King same  
thing like thyme choppy upon parsley, alongsidethat, if please-  
sir, nos displace tauttung, sowlofabishospastored, enamel Indian  
gem in maledictive fingerfondler of High High Siresultan Em-  
peror all same like one fellow olive lentil, onthelongsidethat, by  
undesendas, kirikirikiring, violaceous warwon contusiones of  
facebuts of Highup Big Cockywocky Sublissimime Autocrat, for  
that with pure hueglut intensely saturated one, tinged uniformly,  
allaroundside upinandoutdown, very like you seecut chowchow  
of plentymuch sennacassia Hump cumps Ebblybally! Sukkot?

Punc. Bigseer, refrects the petty padre, whackling it out, a  
tumble to take, tripeness to call thing and to call if say is good  
while, you pore shiroskuro blackinwhitepaddynger, by thiswis  
aposterioprismically apatstrophied and paralogically periparo-  
lysed, celestial from principalest of Iro’s Irismans ruinboon pot  
before, (for beingtime monkblinkers timeblinged completamen-  
tarily murkblankered in their neutrolysis between the possible  
viriditude of the sager and the probable eruberuption of the  
saint), as My tappropinquish to Me wipenmeselps gnosegates a  
handcaughtscheaf of synthetic shammyrag to hims hers, seeming-  
such four three two agreement cause heart to be might, saving to  
Balenoarch (he kneeleths), to Great Balenoarch (he kneeleths  
down) to Greatest Great Balenoarch (he kneeleths down quite-  
somely), the sound salse sympol in a weedwayedwold of the  
firethere the sun in his halo cast. Onmen.

That was thing, bygotter, the thing, bogcotton, the very thing,  
begad! Even to uptoputty Bilkilly-Belkelly-Balkally. Who was  
for shouting down the shatton on the lamp of Jeeshees. Sweating  
on to stonker and throw his seven. As he shuck his thumping  
fore features apt the hoyhop of His Ards.

Thud.

