format: snippet


%ni%of the past; type by tope, letter from litter, word at ward, with  
sendence of sundance, since the days of Plooney and Colum-  
cellas when Giacinta, Pervenche and Margaret swayed over the  
all-too-ghoulish and illyrical and innumantic in our mutter nation,  
all, anastomosically assimilated and preteridentified paraidioti-  
cally, in fact, the sameold gamebold adomic structure of our  
Finnius the old One, as highly charged with electrons as hophaz-  
ards can effective it, may be there for you, Cockalooralooraloo-  
menos, when cup, platter and pot come piping hot, as sure as  
herself pits hen to paper and there’s scribings scrawled on eggs.

Of cause, so! And in effect, as?

Dear. And we go on to Dirtdump. Reverend. May we add  
majesty? Well, we have frankly enjoyed more than anything  
these secret workings of natures (thanks ever for it, we humbly  
pray) and, well, was really so denighted of this lights time.  
Mucksrats which bring up about uhrweckers they will come to  
know good. Yon clouds will soon disappear looking forwards  
at a fine day. The honourable Master Sarmon they should be  
first born like he was with a twohangled warpon and it was  
between Williamstown and the Mairrion Ailesbury on the top  
of the longcar, as merrily we rolled along, we think of him looking  
at us yet as if to pass away in a cloud. When he woke up in a  
sweat besidus it was to pardon him, goldylocks, me having an  
airth, but he daydreamsed we had a lovelyt face for a pulltomine.  
Back we were by the jerk of a bearnstark, backed in paladays last,  
on the brinks of the wobblish, the man what never put a dramn  
in the swags but milk from a national cowse. That was the prick  
of the spindle to me that gave me the keys to dreamland. Sneakers  
in the grass, keep off! If we were to tick off all that cafflers head,  
whisperers for his accomodation, the me craws, namely, and their  
bacon what harmed butter! It’s margarseen oil. Thinthin thin-  
thin. Stringstly is it forbidden by the honorary tenth commend-  
mant to shall not bare full sweetness against a nighboor’s wiles.  
What those slimes up the cavern door around you, keenin, (the  
lies is coming out on them frecklefully) had the shames to suggest  
can we ever? Never! So may the low forget him their trespasses%j%

