format: snippet


%ni%cannibal king to the property horse, being, slumply and slopely, to  
remind us how, in this drury world of ours, Father Times and  
Mother Spacies boil their kettle with their crutch. Which every  
lad and lass in the lane knows. Hence.

Polycarp pool, the pool of Innalavia, Saras the saft as, of  
meadewy marge, atween Deltas Piscium and Sagittariastrion,  
whereinn once we lave ’tis alve and vale, minnyhahing here from  
hiarwather, a poddlebridges in a passabed, the river of lives, the  
regenerations of the incarnations of the emanations of the appa-  
rentations of Funn and Nin in Cleethabala, the kongdomain of  
the Alieni, an accorsaired race, infester of Libnud Ocean, Moyla-  
more, let it be! Where Allbroggt Neandser tracking Viggynette  
Neeinsee gladsighted her Linfian Fall and a teamdiggingharrow  
turned the first sod. Sluce! Caughterect! Goodspeed the blow!  
(Incidentally ’tis believed that his harpened before Gage’s Fane  
for it has to be over this booty spotch, though some hours to  
the wester, that ex-Colonel House’s preterpost heiress is to re-  
turn unto the outstretcheds of Dweyr O’Michael’s loinsprung  
the blunterbusted pikehead which his had hewn in hers, pro-  
longed laughter words). There an alomdree begins to green,  
soreen seen for loveseat, as we know that should she, for by  
essentience his law, so it make all. It is scainted to Vitalba. And  
her little white bloomkins, twittersky trimmed, are hobdoblins’  
hankypanks. Saxenslyke our anscessers thought so darely on  
now they’re going soever to Anglesen, free of juties, dyrt chapes.  
There too a slab slobs, immermemorial, the only in all swamp.  
But so bare, so boulder, brag sagging such a brr bll bmm show  
that, of Barindens, the white alfred, it owed to have at leased  
some butchup’s upperon. Homos Circas Elochlannensis! His  
showplace at Leeambye. Old Wommany Wyes. Pfif! But, while  
gleam with gloom swan here and there, this shame rock and that  
whispy planter tell Paudheen Steel-the-Poghue and his perty  
Molly Vardant, in goodbroomirish, arrah, this place is a proper  
and his feist a ferial for curdnal communial, so be who would  
celibrate the holy mystery upon or that the pirigrim from Mainy-  
lands beatend, the calmleaved hutcaged by that look whose glaum%j%

