format: snippet


One seekings. Not the lithe slender, not the broad roundish  
near the lithe slender, not the fairsized fullfeatured to the leeward  
of the broad roundish but, indeed and inneed, the curling, perfect-  
portioned, flowerfleckled, shapely highhued, delicate features  
swaying to the windward of the fairsized fullfeatured.

Was that in the air about when something is to be said for it or  
is it someone imparticular who will somewherise for the whole  
anyhow?

What does Coemghen? Tell his hidings clearly! A woodtoo-  
gooder. Is his moraltack still his best of weapons? How about a  
little more goaling goold? Rowlin’s tun he gadder no must. It is  
the voice of Roga. His face is the face of a son. Be thine the silent  
hall, O Jarama! A virgin, the one, shall mourn thee. Roga’s stream  
is solence. But Croona is in adestance. The ass of the O’Dwyer  
of Greyglens is abrowtobayse afeald in his terroirs of the Potter-  
ton’s forecoroners, the reeks around the burleyhearthed. When  
visited by an indepondant reporter, “Mike” Portlund, to burrow  
burning the latterman’s Resterant so is called the gortan in ques-  
ture he mikes the fallowing for the Durban Gazette? firstcoming  
issue. From a collispendent. Any were. Deemsday. Bosse of Upper  
and Lower Byggotstrade, Ciwareke, may he live for river! The  
Games funeral at Valleytemple. Saturnights pomps, exhabiting  
that corricatore of a harss, revealled by Oscur Camerad. The last  
of Dutch Schulds, perhumps. Pipe in Dream Cluse. Uncovers Pub  
History. The Outrage, at Length. Affected Mob Follows in Reli-  
gious Sullivence. Rinvention of vestiges by which they drugged  
the buddhy. Moviefigure on in scenic section. By Patathicus. And  
there, from out of the scuity, misty Londan, along the canavan  
route, that is with the years gone, mild beam of the wave his  
polar bearing, steerner among stars, trust touthena and you  
tread true turf, comes the sorter, Mr Hurr Hansen, talking allthe-  
ways in himself of his hopes to fall in among a merryfoule  
of maidens happynghome from the dance, his knyckle allaready  
in his knackskey fob, a passable compatriate proparly of the  
Grimstad galleon, old pairs frieze, feed up to the noxer with  
their geese and peeas and oats upon a trencher and the toyms%j%

